
User's Acknowledgment and Acceptance of Terms (Last updated on July 20, 2017)
PLEASE READ EACH AND EVERY PROVISION OF THIS TERMS AND CONDITIONS CARFULLY:

                    Relevant E-Solutions Private Limited ("Roposo", "Us" or "We") provides the Roposo Platform www.roposo.com, mobile application and various related services (collectively, the "Roposo Platform") to you, the user, conditioned upon your agreement and compliance with all the terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced in this agreement (the "Terms and Conditions of Use"), as well as any other written agreement between us and you. By browsing through the Roposo Platform / Mobile Application the user hereby accepts the Terms and Conditions and consents their approval to the provisions of the Terms and Conditions as laid down herein below.In addition, when using particular services or materials on the Roposo Platform, you shall also be subject to any posted rules applicable to such services or materials that may contain terms and conditions in addition to those in these Terms and Conditions of Use. All such additional guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms and Conditions of Use.
                

                    BY MERE ACCESSING AND USING THE ROPOSO PLATFORM, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE AND DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO ACCESS OR USE THE ROPOSO PLATFORM, APPLICATION, SERVICES OR ROPOSO PLATFORM CONTENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE, EXIT THE ROPOSO PLATFORM NOW. YOUR SOLE AND ONLY REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE ROPOSO PLATFORM, OR ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, CONTENT, OR OTHER INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE ROPOSO PLATFORM, IS TO STOP USING THE ROPOSO PLATFORM AND/OR THOSE PARTICULAR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. YOUR AGREEMENT WITH US REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE BECOMES EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON COMMENCEMENT OF YOUR USE OF THE ROPOSO PLATFORM.
                

                    We expressly reserve the right to modify, discontinue or terminate the Roposo Platform, Application or Services or to change these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time and without serving any notice to you. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review the Roposo Platform and these Terms and Conditions of Use from time to time and to familiarize yourself with any modifications. If we modify these Terms and Conditions of Use, we will post the modification on the Roposo Platform. We will also update the "Last Updated Date" at the top of these Terms and Conditions of Use. Your continued access to, or use of the Roposo Platform after we have posted a modification will constitute acknowledgement of the modified Terms and Conditions of Use and agreement to abide by and be bound by the modified Terms and Conditions of Use. If the modified Terms and Conditions of Use are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Roposo Platform, Applications and the Services.
                

                    As used in these Terms and Conditions of Use, references to our "Affiliates" include our promoters, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, officers, directors, suppliers, partners, investors, sponsors, and advertisers.
                
Description of Services

                    We make various services available on and through the Roposo Platform including, but not limited to, personalized recommendations and style advice for women's clothing and accessories, along with other services and features we deem relevant. You are responsible for providing, at your own expense, all equipment and resources necessary to use the Roposo Platform and Services, including a computer, software, modem, and Internet access (including payment of all fees associated with such access).
                

                    We reserve the sole right to either modify or discontinue any service associated with the Roposo Platform, including any of the Roposo Platform's features, at any time with or without serving any notice to you. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise such right at any time. You also agree that any new features that augment or enhance the then-current services on the Roposo Platform shall also be subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use.
                

                    Registration Data and Privacy
                

                    In order to access certain services or features on the Roposo Platform, you are required to use an account and password. You may obtain an account and password only by completing our online registration form. The online registration form requests certain information and data ("Registration Data"). You are required to maintain and update your Registration Data as your information and data may change. By registering, you agree that all information provided in the Registration Dataare true and accurate and that you will maintain and update this information as and when required, keeping it current, complete, and accurate. In the event wherein the information disclosed by you is identified as inaccurate/false, we have all the rights to delete your account and block all activities carried on the Roposo Platform. Further we do not have/share any liability in the event of any financial loss or any form of damages due to the inaccurate information provided by the user of the Roposo Platform. 
                

                    By completing the online registration form, you hereby grant us the right to disclose to third parties certain Registration Data about you. The information we obtain through your use of the Roposo Platform, including your Registration Data, is subject to our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy is specifically and fully incorporated by reference into these Terms and Conditions of Use.
                

                    You warrant that your right to publish/market/sell your product on the Roposo Platform, is subject to the prior approval to be given by the internal committee of Roposo. You understand and agree that you will be able to market your goods and services on the Roposo Platform only after you duly submit the necessary information mandatorily required in order to process transactions via NEFT or other methods of internet banking. You hereby authorise Roposo to store your bank account details and surface them to other users when they want to make a transfer.
                
Conduct on Roposo Platform

                    Your use of the Roposo Platform is subject to all applicable laws and regulations, and you are solely responsible for the substance, results and consequences of your communications through the Roposo Platform. By posting information in or otherwise using any communications service, chat room, message board, newsgroup, software library, or other interactive service that may be available to you on or through the Roposo Platform, you agree that you will not upload, share, post, or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any content -- including text, communications, software, images, sounds, data, or other information -- that:

                    
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libellous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, or is otherwise tortious or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts (including but not limited to sexual language of a violent or threatening nature directed at another individual or group of individuals), or otherwise violates our rules or policies;
victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals based on religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, disability, or other legally protected basis;
infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, moral right, or other proprietary right of any party;
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk email (also known as "spamming"), chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling;
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party; or
impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives.


                    You acknowledge that we neither endorse nor assume any liability for the contents of any material uploaded or submitted by third party users of the Roposo Platform. We have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, or edit the content posted by users of communications services, chat rooms, message boards, newsgroups, software libraries, or other interactive services that may be available on or through the Roposo Platform. However, we may elect to prescreen, monitor or edit any content. Additionally, we and our agents have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, in our judgment, does not comply with these Terms and Conditions of Use and any other rules of user conduct for our Roposo Platform, or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate. You agree that we are not responsible for any failure or delay in removing such content. You hereby consent to any such removal deemed appropriate by us, and, you waive any claim against us arising out of such removal of content and agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any and all claims asserted based upon such removal. See "Use of Your Materials" below for a description of the procedures to be followed in the event that any party believes that content posted on the Roposo Platform infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, moral right, or other proprietary right of any party.
                

                    You may not use your account to breach security of another account or attempt to gain unauthorized access to another network or server. Not all areas of the Roposo Platform may be available to you or other authorized users of the Roposo Platform. You shall not interfere with anyone else's use and enjoyment of the Roposo Platform or any associated services or features. Users who violate systems or network security may incur criminal or civil liability in accordance with the law of the land.
                

                    You agree that we may, at any time and at our sole discretion, terminate your membership, account, or other affiliation with our Roposo Platform without prior serving any notice to you for violating any of the above Terms and Conditions of Use and associated provisions. Upon such termination, you agree that we may remove any and all material or content that you may have posted to our Roposo Platform. In addition, you acknowledge that we do and will cooperate fully with any investigations of violations of systems or network security at other sites, including cooperating with law enforcement authorities in investigating suspected criminal or civil violations.
                
Third Party Sites and Information

                    The Roposo Platform may link you to other sites on the Internet or otherwise include references to information, documents, software, materials and/or services provided by other parties. These sites may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. These other sites and parties are not under our control, and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites, nor are we are responsible for errors or omissions in any references to other parties or their products and services. The inclusion of such a link or reference is provided merely as a convenience to you and does not imply endorsement of, or association with, the Roposo Platform or party by us, or any warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. Roposo has zero liability in the event of any failure in any transaction on a third party’s platform. Roposo also will have NO LIABILITY related to products, services, quality of the product and or delays in delivery of any product, dissatisfaction due to redirection, transaction, and interaction with third party wherein a third party is selling, promoting, using Roposo Platform/ Mobile Application to reach out to the users. Roposo does not share or holds any liablity for the accuracy and compliance, legality, decency or any other aspect to the content/claim posted by the sellers/brands on Roposo Platform/ Mobile Application which might instigate action by a user.
                
Intellectual Property Information

                    For purposes of these Terms and Conditions of Use, we define "content" as any information, data, communications, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sounds, and other material and services that can be viewed by users on our Roposo Platform. This includes message boards, chat, and other original content.
                

                    By accepting these Terms and Conditions of Use, you acknowledge and agree that all content presented to you on the Roposo Platform may be protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws, and is the sole property of Roposo and/or its Affiliates. You are only permitted to use the content as expressly authorized by us or the specific content provider. You may not copy, reproduce, modify, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute any documents or information from the Roposo Platform in any form or by any means without prior written permission from us or the specific content provider, and you are solely responsible for obtaining permission before reusing any copyrighted material that is available on the Roposo Platform. The content available on Roposo Platform/ Mobile Application can be used by Roposo for its own commercial purposes. The user/poster of the content on Roposo Platform/Mobile Application gives exclusive right to Roposo for the usage of the content. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on the Roposo Platform may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties in accordance with the law of the land. Roposo will not be liable for any liability wherein the user shares the content to a third party’s platform. It remains the sole liability of the user who has shared the content which is unlawful / offensive.
                

                   Neither we nor our Affiliates warrant or represent that your use of any materials displayed on, or obtained through on the Roposo Platform will not infringe the rights of third parties. See "Unauthorized Use of Materials" below for a description of the procedures to be followed in the event that any party believes that content posted on the Roposo Platform infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, moral rights, or other proprietary right of any party. The user is alone liable for creating/reproducing the content on Roposo Platform/ Mobile Application. Roposo has no liability in the event wherein the user has violated the copyright, patent, trademark of any third party.
                

                    The Roposo Platform may include and make available custom graphics, icons, logos and service names, all of which are trademarks or service marks of Roposo or its Affiliates. All other trademarks or service marks are the property of their respective owners. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions of Use grants you any right to use any trademark, service mark, logo, and/or the name of Roposo or its Affiliates for any purpose whatsoever without the prior written approval of an authorized representative of Roposo.
                

                    Roposo may transmit, share, provide and give the Content to any third party contracting with Roposo. However such third party shall be governed with as per the agreements/understanding between Roposo and such party. For the sake of removing any ambiguity, once the Content is transmitted to, shared with, provided to and given to any such third party, the Content shall be governed with the terms of use and privacy policy of such third party.
                
Chat Box Messages

                    Roposo will retain your messages (including your chats, photos, videos, messages and files) for internal quality purposes but Roposo will not be responsible for any information shared between the users. The information and other details shared for any potential transaction occurring at Roposo Platform/Mobile Application is at their individual risk and Roposo shares zero liability in the event of any damages arising out of such transaction. The exchange of information is solely between the users of Roposo Platform / Mobile Application. This means that both the users are directly responsible to each other for their information shared on the chat window of Roposo Platform / Mobile Application. 
                
Unauthorized Use of Materials

                    Subject to our Privacy Policy, we treat all information, communication or material that you transmit to the Roposo Platform or to us, whether by electronic mail, post, or other means, for any reason, as non-confidential and non-proprietary except the private chat messages. By submitting any information to us, you are placing the information in the public domain and hence, the information is deemed non-confidential. You shall be solely responsible for your own content and the consequences of submitting and publishing your content. While you retain all rights in such communications or material, you grant us, our agents and Affiliates a non-exclusive, perpetual, and worldwide right to copy, distribute, display, perform, publish, translate, adapt, modify, prepare derivative or collective works, and otherwise use such material for any purpose regardless of the form or medium (now known or not currently known) in which it is used.
                

                    We view the removal or "take down" of content from the Roposo Platform as a significant step. Consequently, if you believe your copyright has been infringed by a posting on the Roposo Platform, we ask that you send notification to our Designated Agent (as identified below).
                

                    To be effective and to support immediate removal of the allegedly infringing material or content, your notification to our Designated Agent needs to include the following:

                    
Detailed identification of your copyrighted or otherwise protected work that you believe has been infringed.
Identification of the specific content or material on the Roposo Platform that you claim is infringing your copyrighted or otherwise protected work identified in item #a above.
Your contact information (email address preferred).
Contact information for the owner/administrator of the allegedly infringing webpage or other content (email address preferred).
You must also include the following statements in your written notification:

                            I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials work described in this notification as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

You must then sign your written notification.
Finally, send the completed written notification to our Designated Agent at the following address:
                            
                                Designated Agent for Claimed Infringement: 
                                Contact: support@roposo.com 
                                Address: IFFCO Tower, 5th Floor, A-Wing, Plot No.3, Sector-29, Gurgaon - 122002
                                Phone: 0124-2575686
                            


Disclaimer of Warranties

                    ALL MATERIALS AND SERVICES ON THE ROPOSO PLATFORM ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THE WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (A) THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (B) THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (C) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL BE EFFECTIVE, ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.
                

                    THE ROPOSO PLATFORM COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THE MATERIALS AND SERVICES AT THE ROPOSO PLATFORM AT ANY TIME WITHOUT SERVING ANY NOTICE TO YOU. THE MATERIALS OR SERVICES AT THE ROPOSO PLATFORM MAY BE OUT OF DATE. WE MAKE NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE SUCH MATERIALS OR SERVICES.
                

                    YOUR USE OF ANY SERVICES OR THE DOWNLOADING OR OTHER ACQUISITION OF ANY MATERIALS THROUGH THE ROPOSO PLATFORM IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND WITH YOUR AGREEMENT THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, ELECTRONIC AND DIGITAL FILES OR LOSS OF DATA THAT MAY RESULT FROM SUCH ACTIVITIES.
                

                    Through your use of the Roposo Platform, you may have opportunities to engage in commercial transactions with other users and vendors. You acknowledge that all transactions relating to any merchandise or services offered by any party, including, but not limited to the purchase terms, payment terms, warranties, guarantees, maintenance and delivery terms relating to such transactions, are agreed to solely between the seller/purchaser of such merchandise or services and you. You agree that neither Roposo nor its Affiliates shall be a party to any commercial contract between you and any sellers/purchasers.
                

                    WE MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY TRANSACTIONS OR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, ADVERTISERS, USERS BY MEANS OF POSTING/REPRODUCING ANY CONTENT, CHAT MESSAGES.
                

                    Content available through the Roposo Platform often represents the opinions and judgments of an information provider, Roposo Platform user, or other person or entity not connected with us. We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for the accuracy or reliability of, any opinion, advice, or statement made by anyone other than an authorized Roposo spokesperson speaking in his/her official capacity.
                

                    You understand and agree that temporary interruptions of the services available through the Roposo Platform may occur. You further understand and agree that we have no control over third party networks you may access in the course of your use of the Roposo Platform, and therefore, delays and disruption of other network transmissions are completely beyond our control.
                

                    You understand and agree that the services and features available on the Roposo Platform are provided "AS IS" and that we assume no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings.
                
Limitation of Liability

                    IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY OTHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE ROPOSO PLATFORM OR OF ANY OTHER WEBSITES REFERENCED OR LINKED TO FROM THE ROPOSO PLATFORM.
                

                    FURTHER, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR THIRD PARTY GOODS AND/OR SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE ROPOSO PLATFORM OR FOR ASSISTANCE IN CONDUCTING COMMERCIAL TRANSACTIONS THROUGH THE ROPOSO PLATFORM, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE PROCESSING OF ORDERS OR PAYMENT OF ANY CONSIDERATION. IN NO EVENT SHALL ROPOSO BE HELD REPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELIVERY OR DISPATCH RELATED ISSUES.
                

                    YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES AND FEATURES ASSOCIATED WITH THE ROPOSO PLATFORM CONDITIONED ON YOUR UNDERSTANDING OF, AND AGREEMENT WITH, THE PRESCRIBED LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. BUT FOR YOUR AGREEMENT WITH THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS, WE WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE SERVICES SET FORTH HEREIN. CONSEQUENTLY, YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS.
                
Indemnification

                    You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us and our Affiliates harmless from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including attorney's fees, that arise from your use or misuse of the Roposo Platform, its services or features. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.
                

                    All the provision shall survive even after the expiration of the understanding between Roposo and the user, the provisions of the terms and conditions will remain alive in full spirit and Roposo perpetually would retain the rights as laid down in this terms and conditions wherein the user of Roposo Platform / Mobile Application remains bound by their obligations as specified in this terms and conditions even after the expiration of the understanding between Roposo and the user.
                
Security and Password

                    You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. You are solely responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur through the use of your password and account, whether by you or another party in possession of your password and account. Therefore, you must take steps to ensure that others do not gain access to your password and account. Our personnel will never ask you for your password. You may not transfer or share your account with anyone, and we reserve the right to immediately terminate your account if you do transfer or share your account and fail to comply with any of the provisions of the terms and conditions mentioned herein.
                
Participation in Promotions

                    From time to time, the Roposo Platform may include advertisements associated with offers by third parties. You may feel free to enter into correspondence with or participate in promotions of any advertisers showing their products on the Roposo Platform. Any such correspondence or promotions, including the delivery of, and the payment for, goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such correspondence or promotions, are solely between you and the advertiser. We assume no liability, obligation or responsibility for any part of any such correspondence or promotion. You agree that we have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any aspect of your correspondence or transactions with the advertiser. You also understand that the inclusion of an advertisement on the Roposo Platform does not constitute our endorsement of any offer or promotion associated with that advertisement, nor, does it constitute endorsement of any entity associated with or responsible for the advertisement. You assume all risk associated with any correspondence or transaction with the advertiser.
                
E-mail, Messaging, Blogging, and Chat Services

                    We may make email, messaging, blogging, or chat services (collectively, "Communications") available to users of our Roposo Platform, either directly or through a third-party provider. We will not inspect or disclose the contents of your private Communications except with the consent of the sender or the recipient, or in the narrowly defined situations provided under the applicable privacy laws or as otherwise required by law or by court or governmental order. Further information concerning our treatment of your private Communications is available in our Privacy Policy.
                

                    At our sole discretion, we may employ automated monitoring devices or techniques to protect our users from mass unsolicited communications (also known as "spam") and/or other types of electronic communications that we deem inconsistent with our business purposes. However, such devices or techniques are not perfect and may affect the transmission of both legitimate and unsolicited Communications between parties. Regardless, you agree that we are not responsible for any legitimate Communication that is blocked, or for any unsolicited Communication that is not blocked.
                
International Use

                    Although the Roposo Platform may be accessible worldwide, we make no representation that materials on the Roposo Platform are appropriate or available for use in locations outside India or that the Roposo Platform complies with any country's privacy laws. Accessing the Roposo Platform or materials from territories where the content is deemed illegal is prohibited. If you access the Roposo Platform from locations outside the India, you do soon your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. Any offer for any product, service, and/or information made in connection with the Roposo Platform is void where prohibited.
                
Termination of Use

                    You agree that we may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Roposo Platform with or without serving any notice to you and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of these Terms and Conditions of Use. Where, in our reasonable opinion, there is any suspected fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or illegal activity, such activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
                

                    Upon termination or suspension of your access, regardless of the reasons therefore, your right to use the services available on the Roposo Platform immediately ceases, and you acknowledge and agree that we may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Roposo Platform. We shall not be liable to you or any third party for any claims or damages arising out of any termination or suspension or any other actions taken by us in connection with such termination or suspension.
                
Governing Law, Venue, Arbitration

                    The Roposo Platform (excluding any linked sites) is controlled by us from our office within the state of Haryana. It can be accessed from all states of India, as well as from other countries around the world. As each of these places has laws that may differ from those of India, by accessing the Roposo Platform, both of us agree that the statutes and laws of the India, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of the Roposo Platform and the purchase of products and services available through the Roposo Platform. Each of us agrees and hereby submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of any court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator in Gurgaon with respect to such matters.
                
Notices

                  All notices to a party shall be in writing and shall be made either via email or via conventional mail. Notices to us must be sent to the attention of Customer Service at support@roposo.com, if by email, or at IFFCO Tower, 5th Floor, A-Wing, Plot No.3, Sector-29, Gurgaon - 122002, if by conventional mail. Notices to you may be sent to the address supplied by you as part of your Registration Data. In addition, we may broadcast notices or messages through the Roposo Platform to inform you of changes to the Roposo Platform or other matters of importance, and such broadcasts shall constitute notice to you at the time of sending. For any technical query/issues you can write us on feedback@roposo.com.
                
Entire Agreement

                    These Terms and Conditions of Use constitute the entire agreement and understanding between us concerning the subject matter of this agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings of the parties with respect to that subject matter. These Terms and Conditions of Use may not be altered, supplemented, or amended by the use of any other document(s). Any attempt to alter, supplement or amend this document or to enter an order for products or services which are subject to additional or altered terms and conditions shall be null and void, unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by you and us. To the extent that anything in or associated with the Roposo Platform is in conflict or inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions of Use, these Terms and Conditions of Use shall take precedence.
                
Miscellaneous

                    In any action to enforce these Terms and Conditions of Use, the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorney's fees. Any cause of action brought by you against us or our Affiliates must be instituted with one year after the cause of action arises or be deemed forever waived and barred.
                

                    You may not assign your rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions of Use to any party, and any purported attempt to do so will be null and void. We may freely assign our rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions of Use to any party whatsoever without any permission from you.
                

                    You agree not to replicate, duplicate, copy the content, art work of any users of Roposo and/or any third party and also of Roposo on the Roposo Platform/Mobile Application.
                

                    In addition, you agree that we are excused from liability for non-delivery or delay in delivery of products and services available through the Roposo Platform arising from any event beyond our reasonable control, whether or not foreseeable by either party, including but not limited to, labor disturbance, war, fire, accident, power outage, adverse weather, inability to secure transportation, governmental act or regulation, and other causes or events beyond our reasonable control, whether or not similar to those which are enumerated above.
                

                    If any part of these Terms and Conditions of Use is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
                

                    Any failure by us to enforce or exercise any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use or related rights shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.
                
Contact Information

                    Except as explicitly noted on the Roposo Platform, the services available through the Roposo Platform are offered by Relevant E-Solutions Private Limited, located at IFFCO Tower, 5th Floor, A-Wing, Plot No.3, Sector-29, Gurgaon - 122002. Our telephone number is 0124-2575686. If you notice that any user is violating these Terms and Conditions of Use, please contact us at support@roposo.com.
                
Grievance Officer

                    If you have any grievances with respect to the Platform or the Service or any other related issue, you can contact our grievance officer at:

                    E-mail: feedback@roposo.com.

                    Roposo will take immediate action and address the issue at the earliest. The Sellers (who sells their products/services on the Roposo Platform)will be completely responsible for the quality of the Products but Roposo will only ensures the quality of web/mobile application services. Please refer to our Sellers Terms and Conditions for more information. 
                
