


Privacy Policy 

Last Update: 23.02.2018
BiP TERMS OF USE
 

These terms of use (“Terms of Use”) contains the terms and conditions regarding the use of the BiP Application (the “Service” or “Application”).

Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Application.

About us

This Application is provided by Lifecell Ventures Cooperatief U.A., a group entity of Turkcell İletişim Hizmetleri A.Ş. (“Turkcell”) (hereinafter also Lifecell, we, us, our). Lifecell is registered in the Netherlands under company number 34298299 and has its registered office at Gustav Mahlerplein 2, 1082 MA, Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its VAT number is 819243905B01.

The Application

You may use our Application to communicate, which includes the sending of images, text messages, voice, video calls and other User Content over the internet. We would like to attract attention to the fact that this application does not replace your regular phone services and it cannot be used to contact emergency call services. Some countries, operators or local connectivity providers may block the use of the Application, the services or parts thereof.

Additional Features:

This Application is available for all users regardless of their network operator. However, subscribers of some of our business partners may benefit from additional features as set out below:

Turkcell subscribers

Turkcell subscribers may benefit from additional features. These additional features may include the following:

Downloading the Application by clicking on the link received by typing BIP and sending it as a free SMS to 2222.
Being able to make outgoing calls to fixed or mobile phone numbers (such as BiP OutCalls). Please note that these may be subject to additional charges. To avoid misuse, outgoing call services may be ended at certain intervals and subscribers may be forced to re-dial.

The above is an illustration of some additional services Turkcell subscribers may use through the Application and Lifecell does not make any commitment to offer any of the above services to the users, regardless of whether they are Turkcell subscribers or not.

Subscribers of Other Lifecell Business Partners*

Subscribers may benefit from additional features. These additional features may include the following:

Being able to make outgoing calls to fixed or mobile phone numbers (such as BiP OutCalls). Please note that these may be subject to additional charges. To avoid misuse, outgoing call services may be ended at certain intervals and subscribers may be forced to re-dial.

The above is an illustration of some additional services subscribers may use through the Application and Lifecell does not make any commitment to offer any of the above services to the users, regardless of whether they are subscribers or not.

* Superonline and Moldcell

Your personal data

When using the Application and/or in case of contacting us through the Application or websites, you may provide certain personal data. We process your personal data in accordance with the internal data protection policy of Lifecell (the “Data Protection Policy”).

Your account and password

If you create an account on the Application, you should keep your login details confidential. You should not disclose this data to any third party.

Lifecell has the right to disable any account at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Use.

Please promptly notify us at INFO-BIPSUPPORT@bip.ai in case you think or get suspicious that anyone other than you knows your login details.

User content

You confirm that video, images (including CAPS and stickers), sounds, text, information or programs that you create or share (“User Content”) whilst using the Application will meet the Rules of Acceptable Use (as described below).

In case the User Content is available on a medium accessible to all users of the Application, you give us unlimited permission to use the aforementioned User Content for free and allow third parties to do the same under the same conditions. In legal terms, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free and perpetual right of use, copy, reproduce, distribute, adapt, re-format, modify, publish, translate, sub-licence the User Content anywhere and in any form for the purposes of operating this Application and the related business.

Our right to use the User Content does not in any way affect your rights regarding personal data protection. Lifecell uses your personal data in compliance with the provisions set out in the Data Protection Policy.

Lifecell does not check or moderate any User Content used through the Application. Insofar this is technically and practically possible, we may – at our own full discretion – check, moderate, reject, amendment or delete any User Content later if we believe it does not comply with the Rules of Acceptable Use.

Lifecell does not guarantee the partial or full access or the storage of the User Content as it is sent, received or otherwise used by you.

Rules of acceptable use

In addition to the other requirements within these Terms of Use, this section describes specific rules you have to comply with while using the Application or any other interactive feature of the Application (the “Rules of Acceptable Use”).

You may use our Application, images, text messages, voice or video calls and including other User Content over the internet in order to communicate.

When using the Application you must not: (a) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with any security related features of the Application or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of the content accessible via the Application; (b) provide any false information regarding your account details; (c) act under another person’s identity without that person’s permission or misrepresent that you are acting on behalf of a person, entity or organisation; (d) use the Application despite the fact that Lifecell has suspended or banned you from using it; (e) send junk, spam or repetitive messages; (f) engage in any illegal or unlawful conduct; (g) modify, interfere, intercept, disrupt or hack the Application; (h) misuse the Application by consciously introducing viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs, scripts automation tools or other similar material or by undertaking any other action which would harm the Application, any Application user’s equipment or have a detrimental impact on any Application user’s experience of using the Application; (i) collect any data from the Application other than in accordance with these Terms of Use; (j) submit or contribute any content that is abusive, threatening, obscene, untrue, shocking, slanderous or offensive; (k) abuse, harm or bully another Application user, member of our staff or person; (l) use, share or make use of any User Content without the permission of the content owner or otherwise infringe the copyright, trademark or similar rights of third parties; or (m) using the Application in such way that it can no longer be regarded as normal, not complying with the purpose of individual use of the Application.

Failure to comply with this Rules of Acceptable Use constitutes a serious breach of the Terms of Use and may result in realizing any or all of the following actions: (a) immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the Application; (b) issue a warning to you; (c) immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any User Content; (d) take legal action including proceedings for reimbursement of all costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach; and/or (e) disclosure of such information regarding the aforementioned breach to competent law enforcement authorities as we may reasonably deem necessary.

The sanctions described above are not limited and Lifecell may take any other action it reasonably deems appropriate in case of a breach.

Notice and remove policy

If you believe that the content available through the Application infringes your rights or any rights of a third party you represent or otherwise breaches the Rules of Acceptable Use, please inform us immediately by sending us an email to INFO-BIPSUPPORT@bip.ai.

When reporting to us within this context, please provide the following information in your notice to us: (a) your name and contact details and (b) a statement explaining whether you believe that the content you are contacting us about: (i) infringes your rights; (ii) the rights of a third party who you represent; or (iii) you otherwise believe the content breaches the Rules of Acceptable Use.

Lifecell shall take the action it deems appropriate depending on the nature of the content you report. This may include no action where Lifecell believes the reported content does not infringe any rights of someone or the Rules of Acceptable Use. Lifecell shall not be obliged to discuss or inform you about the chosen course of action or actions following  your notification.

Limited right of use

We are the owner or owner of the right of use of all intellectual property rights regarding the Application and the material published on it. The aforementioned rights are being protected by copyright laws and treaties all around the world. All such rights are reserved. Lifecell grants you permission to access and use the Application for your personal use only. Any other use of the Application or the Application’s content is prohibited. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to:

commercial use of the Application, the service or Application’s content (including telemarketing or other for-profit uses);
Using the Application for single or multiple, automatic (e.g. via scripts) or manual calls for any kind of advertisement, marketing or CRM purposes (excluding personal communications of which the content is business related);
reproduction of names, logos, trademarks or any other content available on the Application belonging to Lifecell and/or Turkcell; and
downloading or copying any of the Application content for yourself or for a third-party.

Disclaimer and liability

Access to the Application is permitted on a temporary basis and Lifecell reserves the right to limit or terminate access to the Application at any time without any notice. Lifecell shall not be liable if the Application is unavailable at any time or for any period.

Lifecell has taken care in the preparation of the Application and the content thereof. However, Lifecell shall not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for any technical problems you may experience while using the Application. If we are informed of any inaccuracies in the content on the Application, Lifecell shall use its best endeavours to correct this as soon as reasonably possible. Lifecell excludes all its liabilities in respect thereof to the extent permitted by applicable law.

Whilst Lifecell makes reasonable efforts to ensure that any information presented on the Application is correct, the information on the Application is presented without any guarantees, conditions or warranties or any kind and the Application is made available to its users on an “AS IS” basis. Lifecell declares that it is not responsible for anything that occurs from reliance on the content of the Application.

In any event, Lifecell does not accept any responsibility related to the User Content and declares that the users use these contents entirely within the scope of their own risk which they have relied on.

Lifecell excludes all liabilities implied by statute, common law or the law of equity, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

Because this Application is provided free of charge, Lifecell shall not, in any way, be liable for any loss or damage (whether direct or indirect), breach of contract, breach of statutory or otherwise (even if foreseeable) in connection with any use you make of the Application or the information presented on it.

If you are using the Application as a consumer, then nothing in these Terms of Use or other additional terms limits any consumer’s legal rights which cannot be changed by these Terms of Use.

Links and linking

Links redirecting from the Application to third party websites are provided solely for your convenience or while communicating with other users. If you use these links you leave the Application. Lifecell does not control and is not responsible for, these websites, their content or their accessibility. Lifecell, in no way endorse or represent  these web sites or any material found on these web sites. Accessing third party websites from the Application is done entirely at the own risk of users.

Discontinuation of the service

Lifecell reserves the right to discontinue the service or a part thereof without having any ground and at any time, without advance notice and without obtaining consent. Lifecell does not undertake any debt or liability regarding the deletion or problems which may arise during storage of any content and/or User Content in connection with the service or Application.

Amendments and corrections

Lifecell may revise the content of these Terms of Use at any time by making corrections. You should check this section from time to time to be aware of any changes we make. If the amendments to our Terms of Use are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain functionality or amendments, email notifications or notifications through the Application).

Severability

If any of these Terms of Use is considered as invalid, the remaining terms and conditions shall continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Jurisdiction and applicable law

Depending on where the users are domiciled, the courts of Amsterdam will have jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, the use of the Application. Lifecell retains the right to bring proceedings against the users for breach of these Terms of Use or otherwise in their country of residence or any other third country. Depending on where the users have their habitual residence and insofar as permitted by applicable law, these Terms of Use shall be interpreted and  are governed by Dutch law. This does not affect any right you may have under mandatory local law, including any right you may have to bring a claim to your court of residence.

Feedback

If you would like to provide feedback regarding the Application, please contact us via the feedback option under the Settings section in the Application.
BiP DATA PROTECTION POLICY
The BiP Application (“Application”) is provided by Lifecell Ventures Coöperatief U.A., which is a group entity of Turkcell İletişim Hizmetleri A.Ş. (“Turkcell”) (hereinafter to be referred to as Lifecell, we, us, our).

Lifecell is committed to protect and respect your personal data in accordance with the data protection legislation, meaning the provisions of the EU Directive 95/46/EC and EU Directive 2002/58/EC as well as any national legislation and/or regulations implementing these, as such legislation may be amended or replaced from time to time and in particular by the EU General Data Protection Regulation numbered 2016/679 and dated 27 April 2016 (shall hereinafter together be referred to as the “Data Protection Legislation”).

This Data Protection Policy (“Policy”) sets out how we collect, use and share information that identifies or make specifiable your identity (“Personal Data”). For the interpretation of undefined terms stated in this Policy, we refer to the definitions as used in the internal BiP terms of use of Lifecell (“Terms of Use”).
In what way are your data collected?
Lifecell collects your personal data from you when you voluntarily submit information directly to us or through the Application. This include information you provide when you register to use the Application, create an account, set up a profile, complete a form, correspond with us, purchase products through the Application or respond to surveys or promotions.

In addition to this, we also collect personal data indirectly from you such as the device you connect to the Application with, information about how you use the Application or information about you gained from third parties such as our service providers.

In the following sections, you may find detailed information on which data are collected for which purposes.
Which data are collected?
We describe the categories of personal data we have collected in more detail below:
·           Identity and Contact Details: data such as your phone number, user name (nickname), avatar, GSM operator, e-mail address and other similar data, subscription information, passwords used for the Application if available for the identity verification and for access to the account.

Usage Data and Favorites: data such as satisfaction survey results or similar survey results conducted through the Application, including but not limited to various technical data collected through technologic devices from your devices, the kind of messages (text, video, etc.) that have been sent without any information about its content, your preferred language, active periods, types of services that are used, usage habits regarding the Application interface, date of the last entry to the Application, errors occurred during the use of the Application.
Location Data: data related to the (approximate) locations of users. Depending on device settings as controlled by you, including GPS data as well as nearby base transmission stations and Wi-Fi hotspots, and location and navigation data obtained from the IP addresses.
Payment Data: in the event that you make any in-app purchases, payment information including relevant price, invoice, invoice number, tax amount and method of payment.
Device Data: data such as device model, operating system of the device, preferred phone language, information regarding which operator the users use, country information.
Communication Data: data related to the communication type (BiP Out Calls, call/instant messages etc.), the duration, time, type, parties and contacts of communication. Lifecell does not collect any data related to the content of your communication made via the Application.
Backup Data: in case the users request, the communication data can be backed up by Lifecell.
Address Book Data: Contact List including phone numbers, contact names, surnames and relevant details stored in the User’s device.
Nickname, Profile Picture, Status Note, Blocked Numbers.

 
For What Purposes Your Data Are Processed?

Your personal data is being processed by Lifecell for the purposes described below:

Identity Information: These are processed for the purposes of user registration, error/failure notice, control, developing and realizing operational activities, business development, customer portfolio management, measurement of the service quality, communication, intra-company evaluation, promotion, service analysis, complaint management, management of the customer survey process and forwarding the Application subscription to other devices.
 Usage Data and Favorites: These personal data are processed for the purposes of business development, direct or indirect marketing, advertisement, profiling, supervision and control, risk management, development of the after sale processes, intra-company evaluation, portfolio management, measurement and development of the service quality, communication, execution of the complaint management processes, execution and development of operational activities, error/failure notice and recovering service quality based on usage habits. These are processed for promotional purposes, intra-company evaluation, for analysis and communication through anonymous data (in a way that the users cannot be identified) and statistical evaluation.
Location Data: These personal data are processed for the purposes of allowing users to share their location with each other, supervising and controlling location services associated with the “Discovery” area, product and strategy development.
Payment Data: These personal data are processed for the purposes of managing the invoicing process and the payment information which belongs to the Users who purchases in-app services (regardless whether such user is a Turkcell subscriber or not), the management of payment information, accounting, improving after sale processes, business development, intra-company evaluation, customer portfolio management, after sale services, communication, marketing, supervision and control.
 Device Data: These personal data are processed in order to optimize the Application and related services and to enable the device to work properly with the Application and its settings.
 Communication Data: These personal data are used to determine the usage habits with the purpose of the business development, marketing, enhancing the service quality and the unauthorized and fraudulent use. During the processing of these personal data, there is no reach to any data regarding the content of the communication.
Backup Data: These personal data are used for backing up the communications of the users at their request. The messages that the user has received from or sent to another user shall be archived only upon the request of the other user.

Lifecell may anonymize and aggregate any of the data which has been collected (so that it does not directly identifies or specifies the users). Lifecell may use anonymized data for purposes that include testing its IT systems, research, data analysis, improving the Application, developing new products, direct or indirect marketing, advertisement, profiling and features or displaying information about the purchases made via the Application (such as the most popular purchases or purchases based on an approximate location).
Where Is Personal Data Being Stored and Processed?
The personal data Lifecell collects may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction the users are in, including, in particular, outside the European Union. Some of these countries offer differing levels of protection in respect of personal data and may, in certain instances, be less protective than the country the user is typically resident in. Lifecell takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal data is treated securely and in compliance with this Policy.
With Whom are the Data Shared?
Lifecell may share the personal data it has obtained with the following parties:

Users: Lifecell and the user may share the personal data with other users (including Official Accounts) as part of the Application so users are able to interact with other users as permitted by the functionality of the service and their preferences.
Companies in the same group of companies as Lifecell: the subsidiaries of Lifecell (i.e. any organization Lifecell owns or controls) or ultimate holding company (i.e. any organization that owns or controls Lifecell) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will only use the personal data in the same way as Lifecell can under this Policy. The parent company of Lifecell, being Turkcell İletişim Hizmetleri A.Ş., may also use the personal data for its own marketing, promotion and advertising purposes and its legal obligations as well as to improve the quality and enrich the content of its products, services and applications, and marketing the same, as shown in its own privacy policy.
Service providers, partners and advisors: third parties who provide a service to Lifecell, partners of Lifecell on marketing and other business activities, advises Lifecell or that Lifecell works with in other business capacities. Lifecell may also pass the personal data to its marketing and other business partners and other carefully selected third parties who may wish to offer you other goods or services that Lifecell or they have identified as likely to be of interest to you. These third parties will only be allowed to use the personal data in accordance with Lifecell’s instructions or marketing preferences of the users (where applicable) and will be required to keep these information secure.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons: third parties with whom Lifecell is under a legal obligation to disclose the personal data to or to whom Lifecell needs to disclose the personal data to protect its rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of others, detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of any agreement we have with you.

Lifecell may provide third parties with aggregate statistical data and analyses about users of the Application. Lifecell declares that no one can be identified from the data shared like this as long as it has not being disclosed by Lifecell.
Please be noted that the content of communications between users or the  transactions conducted with third party service providers on the Discovery area are not being monitored.
Your Rights Regarding your Data
In order to access your personal data, update, correct or delete your personal data or to use your right of objection regarding processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details set out in the “Contact Us” section below. In order to help you find the data you would like to use your abovementioned rights, please provide as much information as you can about the data you would like to use your rights. Lifecell may charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested.

The user undertakes that his/her data subject to the Terms of Use and this Policy are complete, accurate and up to date. If needed, the user shall update its personal data afterwards. In the event that the user does not provide up-to-date information, Lifecell shall not be liable for any possible damages arising from the noncurrent data.
Retention Period of Personal Data
Lifecell shall retain personal data during the period necessary for the purpose(s) for which it has been collected and/or is being further processed. This includes the retention of personal data during a limited period determined as per the relevant legislation in case any dispute might arise from the Terms of Use. Please note that messages sent while a user is offline will be kept for a maximum of three weeks and will be deleted after the expiration of such period.
Measures for Data Security
Lifecell is implementing an information security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard your personal data. For example, it uses at least, the industry-standard encryption technology to ensure that your payment transactions are secured with reasonable technical and organizational measures. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and Lifecell cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Lifecell shall not disclose any personal data of users to any third party in defiance of this Policy and/or applicable Data Protection Law. Lifecell shall only use personal data for secondary processing insofar such processing is compatible and lawful. In case personal data of the users are shared with outsource service providers in accordance with the provisions of this Policy, Lifecell shall take necessary measures so that such third party providers shall provide at least a similar level of security for the personal data.

However, Lifecell shall not bear any responsibilities for third party applications to which a link is provided via the Application and for transactions conducted with other users and/or third parties under the “Discover” feature of the Application.

Changes to this Policy

Lifecell may update and change the provisions of this Policy at any time by publishing them via the Application. Updates and changes in the Policy made by Lifecell shall be effective as of the date of its publication on the Application.

Regional Regulation
Turkey

In addition to the rights stated in this Policy, the Application users resident in the Republic of Turkey shall have the right to:

learn whether their personal data are being processed;
request information if their personal data have been processed;
learn the purpose of the processing of personal data and whether these are being processed in compliance with such purpose;
learn the third-party recipients to whom the personal data are disclosed within the country or abroad,
request rectification of the processed personal data which is incomplete or inaccurate,
erasure or destruction of data in accordance with the conditions set forth under Article 7 of the Turkish Data Protection Law No. 6698,
notify the third person to whom the personal data are disclosed, about the processes regarding rectification, erasure and destruction of data,
object to negative consequences about you that are concluded as a result of analysis of the processed personal data by solely automatic means,
demand compensation for the damages they have suffered as a result of an unlawful processing operation.

 
Contact us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy can be addressed via email at appstore@bip.ai or in writing to the below address:

Privacy Officer, Legal Department

Lifecell Ventures Coöperatief U.A.

Gustav Mahlerplein 2,

1082 MA

Amsterdam

 	

