 
Please see below for Non-EU Terms And Conditions.
EU Terms and Conditions
The below terms and conditions are only applicable to our members residing in an EU country: Germany, Austria, Bulgaria, Ceuta, Cyprus, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, United Kingdom, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Melilla, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden and Czech Republic. Any member residing in another country shall refer to our non-EU Terms and Conditions.
Most recent update: 19/09/2016
These conditions govern solely sales by Showroomprive.com of products offered on the website www.showroomprive.com; the products sold via the Showroomprive.com website are reserved for private individuals registered on the website ("the Members").
Validation of an order of a product offered on the Showroomprive.com website implies that you explicitly accept these general sales conditions without any manuscript signature being required.
Failure by a member to respect his obligations under these General Sales Conditions may result in his membership account being suspended or cancelled, notwithstanding any damages and interest that may be sought by Showroomprive.com.

Article 1: Company

Article 2: Products

Article 3: Prices

Article 4: Availability

Article 5: Ordering

Article 6: Payment methods

Article 7: Delivery of products

Article 8: Right of withdrawal

Article 9: Warranties

Article 10: Sponsorship and vouchers

Article 11: Protection of personal data

Article 12: Applicable law - Competent jurisdiction - Disputes


Article 1: Company

The Website, www.showroomprive.com, is edited and operated by the company, Showroomprive.com, a subsidiary of the SRP GROUPE group and an SARL (private limited company) with a capital of €120,169,260, having its registered office at ZAC de la Montjoie – 1 rue des blés – 93210 La Plaine Saint-Denis, registered with the Bobigny Companies Registration Office (RCS) under number 538 811 837, VAT no. FR 72 538 811 837.
Showroomprive.com holds the travel agent's licence no. IM093110007, issued by the Préfecture de Seine Saint-Denis (1, esplanade Jean Moulin – 93000 Bobigny) on 1 February 2011, and holds a financial guarantee from the Banque Neuflize OBC - 3 avenue Hoche - 75 410 Paris Cedex 08 (public limited-liability company with board of directors and supervisory board with capital of €383,507,453, listed under SIREN number 552 003 261 with the Paris Companies Registration Office and registered with ORIAS (French insurance brokers registration body) under number 07 025 717).
Editor: Thierry Petit
Host: ASPSERVEUR (SARL with capital of €500,000.00) 785 voie Antiope - ZA Athelia III - 13600 La Ciotat 0805360888
Showroomprive.com's third party liability insurance is covered by the insurance company, GAN Eurocourtage (7 place du Dôme- TSA 59876 – 92 099 La Défense cedex – Tel: 01.70.96.60.00) under policy number no. 186212201.
Customers may contact our Customer Service on the showroomprive.com website by sending an e-mail via the contact form or to the address: 
customerservice.en@showroomprive.com

Article 2: Products

The Products are all of the goods offered for sale by Showroomprive.com on its Internet website, www.showroomprive.com, with the exception of the Extras.
The Products offered by Showroomprive.com comply with current French legislation and the standards applicable in France.
Showroomprive.com will do all it can to ensure that the photographic visuals of the products faithfully represent the products offered for sale. Each product is moreover accompanied by an exact description (information sheet) of its main characteristics. In the event of any obvious error between the characteristics of the product and its representation, the Member may return it and request a refund in accordance with the provisions of Article 8 below.

Article 3: Prices

3.1 General


                                        The prices of our Products are given in euros, including all taxes (including eco-participation but excluding handling and shipping costs, which will be indicated when the order is definitively validated and be included in the invoice and), except for the following countries:
                                        
United Kingdom: £ (Pound Sterling)
Denmark: Danish Crown
Sweden: Swedish Crown

Showroomprive.com reserves the right to modify its prices at any time but the Products and Extras will be billed on the basis of the rates in force at the time the orders are registered.
The Products shall remain the property of Showroomprive.com until the price has been received in full by Showroomprive.com.

Showroomprive.com does not propose tax-free sales.

3.2 Deliveries within the European Union

The amount of your order will be calculated including all taxes. The tax applied corresponds to the Value-Added Tax in force in the territory in which your order is delivered.

Article 4: Availability

The Products offered by us and our prices are valid as long as they are visible on the website and subject to the availability of stocks.
For Products that are not held in our warehouses, our offers are valid subject to availability at our suppliers. In this context, we shall indicate the availability of the Products to you when you place your order. Since this information comes from our suppliers, it is possible that there may be errors or changes.
In the event of the unavailability of a Product after an order has been placed, the Member will be informed by e-mail or by telephone of the delivery of a partial order or its cancellation. The Member will then be refunded all or part of his order within at most fourteen (14) days of having been notified of the cancellation of his order. The refund will be made in the same manner as that used by the customer to pay at the time of his purchase (voucher or credit card).

Article 5: Ordering

You declare that you were aware of and have accepted these general sales conditions prior to placing your order.
In accordance with the provisions of the Civil Code on the conclusion of online contracts, the contract will be concluded when you click on the button that allows you to confirm your order, after having viewed its details and, in particular, its total price, and had the possibility to correct any errors.
After having taken note of the detail of your order, and once all the requested information has been entered, you may click on "Confirm" in order to definitively confirm the order. Validation of your order amounts to acceptance of these General Sales Conditions. Unless otherwise demonstrated, the data registered by Showroomprive.com shall constitute proof of all transactions concluded by Showroomprive.com and its customers.
The contractual information is shown in English and will be the object of written confirmation containing said contractual information, at the latest at the time of delivery.
The Products shall remain the property of Showroomprive.com until the price has been received in full by Showroomprive.com
We undertake to accept your order form under the terms of these general sales conditions. Showroomprive.com will do all it can to process all the orders, in particular subject to the availability of stocks.
Showroomprive.com reserves the right to cancel or reject any order of a customer with whom there is a dispute regarding a payment for a previous order.
Contracts concluded on our Internet website (data relating to your order and the General Sales Conditions in effect on the day of your order) are stored for a period of 10 years. You may access the stored contracts via your "My Orders" space.

Article 6: Payment methods

6.1 Payment methods

Online payments may only be made by credit card or via Paypal.
The credit cards accepted are: Visa / Mastercard
The customer's account will be debited at the end of a maximum term of 4 days following the date of the order and will be considered to be effective upon confirmation of the agreement by the payment centres.

Payment via Paypal
                                        PayPal provides payment services and specialises in the issuing of electronic money between the purchaser and a third-party entity. Paypal ensures that the purchaser's bank information is confidential.
                                    
It executes any payment order generated by the customer and credits Showroomprive accordingly within 3 working days.

                                        By validating the payment order, the customer authorises Paypal to obtain the funds from an applicable funding source for the purpose of transferring the balance to the recipient. PayPal provides Showroomprive with the funds for the transactions as follows:
                                    


Balance
If you have a Balance on your Account, PayPal will always use your Balance to fund your payment.


Funds sources

                                                If you do not have a Balance, or your Balance is not sufficient to fund your entire transaction, PayPal will fund your transaction, or the remaining amount of your transaction, in the following order:
                                                
Balance (if any);
Instant transfer from your bank account;
PayPal Visa credit card;
Personal credit card;
Credit card;
PayPal revolving credit; and
Deferred transfer.




Recurring payments
If you have a Balance at the time that the merchant processes your payment, PayPal will use your Balance instead of your Preferred Funding Source.


Merchant Data Processing Period
If there is a Merchant Processing Delay and you have a Balance at the time the merchant processes your payment and completes the transaction, PayPal will use your Balance instead of your Preferred Funding Source.


PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. & Cie, S.C.A. (Luxembourg Companies Registration Office number B 118 349) with registered office in L-2449 Luxembourg, is duly authorised as a Luxembourg credit institution within the meaning of Article 2 of the Act of 5 April 1993 on the Financial Sector, as amended (the "Act") and is subject to prudential surveillance by the Luxembourg supervisory authority, the "Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier" (CSSF).

6.2 Secure payment

All your purchase transactions are strictly confidential and encoded using the SSL protocol.
Showroomprive.com does not have access to that data and does not store them on its servers. For this reason, you will be asked to re-enter your details for every new transaction on the website. When you press the "Validate" button to validate your order, our bank (Société Générale) verifies the validity of your credit card number and checks that it has not been blocked for any reason. In this way, you are doubly protected against misuse and fraud.
If you wish to delete a credit card registered by our bank, please click on the "My Account" tab and then "My personal details". The credit cards that you have registered are listed there. Just click on the little dustbin (trash) symbol to delete them.
Showroomprive.com also verifies the trustworthiness of the information entered when registering an order. This is consistent with our desire to combat e-commerce fraud and protect all our consumers.
Showroomprive.com has also installed a verification procedure for the purpose of preventing any fraudulent use of a Member's bank details. Accordingly, Showroomprive.com reserves the right to ask the customer to send (by email to the customer service address: customerservice.payment.en@showroomprive.com) a copy of both sides of his proof of identity and proof of his address, which is less than three months old. The order may only be dispatched once said documents have been received and verified. The requested documents must be sent within six working days of the request. These documents are saved in our internal computer system and are not forwarded to any third-party. You have the right to access, modify and delete your data in accordance with the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978.

Article 7: Delivery of products

7.1 General


                                        The products purchased on Showroomprive.com are delivered in the following countries unless otherwise specifically stated on the product information sheet:
                                        
Andorra
Austria
Bulgaria
Ceuta
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
Germany
Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Jersey
Latvia
Lithuania
Malta
Melilla
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Sweden

For logistical reasons, we are not able to deliver an order to a military address, which is indicated as an "Armed Forces" location.
The products will be delivered to the address you enter during the ordering process or to the point of withdrawal of your choice (depending on the carrier chosen).
Showroomprive.com reserves the right, however, to divide shipments up into smaller ones. The handling and shipping costs will be billed for only one shipment.
The indicated delivery date is the latest delivery date. The delivery times for the Products correspond to the handling time plus the time for delivery. Delivery times vary from sale to sale and are shown from the order validation stage. They are also given in the e-mail summarising the purchase and in the My Account/My Orders space.
Showroomprive.com may not be held liable for the consequences of any late delivery. Should a delivery be delayed, this information will be available in My Account/My Orders.

7.2 Delivery methods

Chronopost is available for home deliveries only.
Transport times vary from 2 to 6 days from the date of dispatch depending on the destination.

7.3 Delivery

Chronopost Home Delivery: Should the customer not be present to receive the parcel at the address indicated by him, a note will be left in the letter box indicating the next delivery time or that the package will be put aside (for collection). Should you not be able to be present at the indicated time, please contact Chronopost at the number shown on the note in order to arrange its delivery.
If the parcel is returned to us because it was not possible to deliver it (deadline passed, wrong address for recipient, etc.), the customer will be notified automatically by e-mail. If Showroomprive has not had any response by you within 48 hours of receipt of the e-mail, Showroomprive reserves the right to cancel the order. Shipping costs will not be refunded in such a case.

7.4 Non-compliant delivery


                                        Upon reception of your parcel, you must:
                                        
Verify at the time of the delivery that the goods delivered comply with your order;
Indicate any anomalies on the delivery docket, entering and signing a handwritten reserve; and
Confirm said reservations in writing to the carrier within three working days.

If the articles have to be returned to us, you must first seek authorisation to return them from our services (contact form) within 14 days of delivery. No claims will be entertained after that deadline.

7.5 Non-delivery or late delivery

In the event of a delay or if a product is missing, the customer may contact our Customer Service on the Showroomprive.com website by sending an e-mail using the contact form.
If your order has not been delivered within the anticipated deadline, you may contact us, via receipted registered post or any other durable medium, to effect the delivery within a reasonable additional period.
If we have not done so by said deadline, you may then cancel your order in the same manner (by receipted registered letter or any other durable medium).
We shall instruct our bank to reimburse you within fourteen (14) days of the day of your request.
If it is necessary to initiate a postal tracing (abnormal delivery period, undelivered parcel, etc.), the customer shall have 6 months from the anticipated date of delivery to inform Showroomprive.com. No claim will be entertained after that deadline.

7.6 Special shipping charge arrangements

Showroomprive.com reserves the right to make use of rate offers for the shipping costs associated with the orders.
Should the delivery charges be reduced, this will be reflected by Showroomprive in the charges when the order is placed.

Article 8: Right of withdrawal

8.1 Scope

In accordance with Article L121-21 of the French Consumer Code, as a consumer (natural person who has placed an order with Showroomprive.com and for purposes that are not within your commercial, industrial, craft-sector on non-commercial professional activity), you have a period of fourteen (14) days in which to exercise your legal right of withdrawal.
You do not have to give any reasons for exercising your right of withdrawal. You will not be subject to any penalty.
In the case of an order for products, the period starts from the reception of the products. In the case of an order for services, it starts from the date of acceptance of the offer. If the period of fourteen (14) days expires on a Saturday, Sunday, public holiday or other non-working day, it is extended to the first following working day.

                                        To exercise your right of withdrawal, please access:
                                        
•	the online form on the showroomprive.com website via your member space by clicking on "My Account", then "My Orders" and then on the details of the order in question.

During the period of sales, Showroomprive.com will accept cancellations of all orders except those where express delivery is offered. A cancellation of an "Express" sales order cannot be permitted. If you wish to exercise your right of withdrawal, please let us know within fourteen (14) days from its receipt and return it to us within that period, i.e. within fourteen (14) days at most.

8.2	Exceptions


                                        In accordance with Article L.121-21-8 of the French Consumer Code, the right of withdrawal may not be exercised for orders of the products or services listed below. No purchases of these types of products may, therefore, be returned once received. However, the Showroomprive.com website will accept cancellations relating to these products during the sales period (with the exception of express delivery sales):
                                        
Services executed entirely before the end of the period of withdrawal and the execution of which began after the consumer had given his prior express consent and expressly waived his right of withdrawal;
Products or services, the prices of which vary according to financial market rates that are outside the control of the professional and where such fluctuations are likely to occur during the period of withdrawal;
Products made to the consumer's specifications or clearly personalised;
Products likely to deteriorate rapidly or to be beyond the "sell-by" date, (such as, for example, solid and liquid foodstuffs);
Products, the seal of which has been broken by the consumer after delivery, may not be returned for hygiene or health protection reasons; Products which by their nature have, after being delivered, been inseparably mixed with other articles;
Alcoholic drinks, the delivery of which has been deferred beyond thirty days and the value of which, agreed at the time of the contract, is dependent on market fluctuations that are beyond the control of the professional;
Audio or video recordings or computer software if the seals have been broken by the consumer, (i.e. when the blister packaging has been opened, withdrawn or torn, as for example for CDs and DVDs);
Newspapers, journals and magazines, except for subscriptions for these publications;
The provision of services relating to accommodation services, other than residential accommodation, the carriage of goods, car hire, restaurants or leisure activities that must be supplied on a date or at a specific time;
Digital content not supplied on a material medium, the execution of which began after the consumer had given his prior express consent and expressly waived his right of withdrawal.


8.3 Returns


                                        In the event of non-compliance or the exercise of the right of withdrawal, you may return your Products after reception, subject to the following provisions:
                                        
You must return the products to us without undue delay and no later than fourteen (14) days from the date of communication of your withdrawal decision.
The products must without fail be returned properly protected (if possible in their original packaging), in a perfect state for resale (not damaged or sallied in any way by the customer) and accompanied by any accessories. N.B.: The return slip and/or label must not be stuck directly onto the immediate packaging (box/case/shoebox). Such packaging is for presentation purposes and is not the final (outer) packaging of the product.
The products must not have been used beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and proper working of the product. They must, therefore, not show any signs of any prolonged use beyond the time necessary for trying them or trying them on. They must be in a perfect state for resale and suitable for re-commercialisation.
In accordance with the legislation, some products may only be returned for reasons of hygiene or health protection and because of their nature, if they have never been removed from their packaging and/or used, in order for them to be re-sold (for example: cosmetic products, cosmeto-textiles, ear rings and piercings, sex toys, products containing an odometer or a timer linked to use).
No parcel will be accepted for which there is nothing that allows the sender (surname, first name, address and order number) to be identified.

The return costs are to be paid by you alone. In order to simply and facilitate the processing of Product returns, you must print out a return slip. The return label is to be stuck on your parcel. 
Please note that that does not release you from the need to pay the return shipment costs (postage), which are to be paid by you.
The exercise of the right of withdrawal shall result in the refund of the sums paid at the time of the order, as soon as possible and no later than fourteen (14) days from the date on which you exercised said right. However, we may postpone the reimbursement until such time as we have received the goods or until you have furnished proof of dispatch of the goods; the date that will be used being that of the first of these actions.
The refund will be made by bank transfer and/or voucher depending on the means you used to pay for online purchase.


Ensure that you do keep the shipment proof of your product return, meaning a statement written by the carrier or postal service provider indicating the sender and recipient of the product return and proving that the items have been shipped. If our warehouse have not received it, we will ask you this document.

                                    You must follow the procedure described under the heading How to return a product in order to return goods.
Please note that, if you return a Product because of non-compliance, you must fill out a non-compliance declaration. Upon reception of the Product by our teams, a penalty of six (6) euros will be deducted from the refund, if there is mistake in the stated reason.

                                        In the event of the exercise of the right of withdrawal, the parcel must be sent to us at the following address:
                                        

Showroomprive

Zone Industrielle de Saint-Witz

18 rue de la Ferme St Ladre

BAT N°2

95672 MARLY LA VILLE CEDEX




8.4 Refunds

The return of all the products or services ordered will give rise to a refund equal to the total of the sums paid by the Member at the time of his purchase, i.e. the purchase price of the products ordered and the initial delivery costs.
If you return your entire order, we shall reimburse you the initial delivery charges in accordance with the legislation.
A partial return of some of the products ordered will give rise to the reimbursement of the product(s) returned. The initial delivery costs will not be reimbursed because our shipping costs are a lump-sum amount and do not depend on the number of products ordered.

                                        We apply the following rules:
                                        
Full monetary reimbursement and/or vouchers depending on the means you used to pay for the products at the time of the online purchase.
No charges will be deducted for the refund.
The refund will be made to the customer's bank within (fourteen) 14 days of the date you exercise your right of withdrawal. You will be notified by e-mail of the day and amount of the bank transaction. Any refund will be made in accordance with the means used by the customer to pay for the products at the time of their purchase.
We may postpone the reimbursement until such time as we have received the goods or until you have furnished proof of dispatch of the goods; the date that will be used being that of the first of these actions.
No shipment against refund will be accepted.
In accordance with the banking legislation, no refund may be made to a credit card if its expiry date has passed. Showroomprive.com reserves the right, in such an event, to ask you for a document that will allow it to make the corresponding refund.


Article 9: Warranties

9.1 Legal guarantees

Showroomprive.com is required to offer its Members the legal guarantees referred to in Articles L. 211-4 to L. 211-13 of the French Consumer Code and with regard to any defects in the item sold, under the conditions set out in Articles 1641 to 1648 and 2332 of the French Civil Code.

                                        In the context of the legal guaranty regarding compliance (with the contract), we undertake:
                                        
Either to repair or replace the product subject to availability of stocks;
Or to refund you the price of the product (against return of the product), or a part of the price of the product (if you keep the product).


                                        In the context of the warranty against latent defects, you may:
                                        
Either keep the product or ask us for a reduction in the price;
Or return the product to us and request that the price of the product be refunded.


Article L. 211-4 of the Consumer Code:

                                        The seller is required to deliver a product which conforms to the contract and is held liable for any lack of conformity which exists upon delivery. He is also held liable for any lack of conformity caused by the packaging or the assembly instructions, or the installation if he assumed responsibility therefor or had it carried out under his responsibility.
                                    

Article L. 211-5 of the Consumer Code:

                                        To conform to the contract, the product must:
                                        
                                        1. Be suitable for the purpose usually associated with such a product and, if applicable:
                                        
                                        - correspond to the description given by the seller and have the features that the seller presented to the buyer in the form of a sample or model;
                                        
                                        - have the features that a buyer might reasonably expect it to have considering the public statements made by the seller, the producer or his representative, including advertising and labelling;
                                        
                                        2. Or have the features defined by mutual agreement between the parties or be suitable for any special requirement of the buyer which was made known to the seller and which the latter agreed to.
                                    

Article L. 211-12 of the Consumer Code:

                                        Action resulting from lack of conformity lapses two years after delivery of the product.
                                    

Article 1641 of the Civil Code:

                                        A seller is bound to a warranty on account of the latent defects of the thing sold which render it unfit for the use for which it was intended, or which so impair that use that the buyer would not have acquired it, or would only have given a lesser price for it, had he known of them.
                                    

Article 1648 paragraph 1 of the Civil Code:

                                        The action resulting from redhibitory vices must be brought by the buyer within a period of two years following the discovery of the vice.
                                    

9.2 Commercial warranty

The commercial warranty covers any and all contractual undertakings by a professional to the consumer regarding the refund of the purchase price, replacement cost or repairs of the item, in addition to its legal obligations for the purpose of guaranteeing the conformity of the item.
Some products are the object of a commercial warranty on the part of the supplier. In such a case, this will be clearly stated on the information sheet of the product in question.
If no warranty is specified on the product information sheet, then no commercial warranty is associated with the product.
Please contact the Customer Service, if you wish to obtain more information about the commercial warranty of your product.

Article 10: Sponsorship and vouchers


    10.1 Generalities


    The vouchers available in the Member’s account can only be used on the site
    www.showroomprive.com for the payment for all or some of your order,
    excluding ticket office and delivery costs.


    Without indication to the contrary in the origin of the voucher, vouchers
    are subject to the following attribution and usage regulations:



        Vouchers are subject to a minimum order amount.
    

        A voucher can only be used once.
    

        Vouchers cannot be accumulated with each other.
    


    · They cannot be exchanged for money, and constitute a payment method in
    their own right.


    Vouchers can be used to pay for an order that is of a value inferior to
    that of the voucher, in this case, the Member cannot benefit from the
    amount of the voucher not used during this order.


    In the hypothetical situation where the Member attempts to fraudulently use
    their vouchers, the orders concerned would be automatically cancelled by
    Showroomprive.com.


    The company, Showroomprive.com, reserves the right to temporarily increase
    the value of a voucher and to return to the base value of £12 without
    giving prior warning to Members. The fact of changing the value of the
    voucher does not in any way change the conditions of attribution and usage
    cited above.


    In the hypothetical situation where the company, Showroomprive.com, notices
    serious irregularities in the use of its voucher and/or sponsorship system
    by a Member, it may take all measures necessary in order to put a stop to
    these irregularities, including suspending access to the site and banning
    the Member.


    10.2 Sponsorship


    Access to Showroomprive.com can be achieved through the sponsorship
    service, subject to the Member’s closed social circle (friends and family).


    Sponsorship allows the sponsor Member to benefit from sponsorship
    voucher(s) of the value of £12, subject to respecting the terms of use and
    attribution outlined below.


    Sponsorship vouchers are subject to the following rule of use:


    · Sponsorship vouchers are subject to a minimum order amount of £45,
    excluding delivery cost;


    · Sponsorship vouchers are valid for one (1) year on the site
    www.showroomprive.com;


    · Sponsorship vouchers can be combined with each other and with “Bonus”
    sponsorship vouchers but cannot be combined with other types of voucher.


    The rules of attribution for one (1) voucher are as follows:


    · The sponsored party must sign up to the site www.showroomprive.com using
    the code provided to them by the sponsor;


    · The sponsored party must complete a first order on the site
    www.showroomprive.com;


    · The sponsorship voucher will be credited to the sponsor’s account, 21
    days after the conclusion of the sponsored party’s first order, subject to
    non-cancellation (or withdrawal) of the latter’s order.


    Once the Member has accumulated five (5) sponsorship vouchers, his/her
    account will be credited with a new “Bonus” sponsorship voucher of a value
    of £10 valid for a minimum purchase of £45 excluding shipping fees. The
    rules for use and attribution are as follows:



The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher expires on the same date as the 5        th sponsorship voucher;
    


    · The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher can only be combined with sponsorship
    vouchers;


    · The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher is attributed every time the sponsor
    obtains five (5) sponsorship vouchers;


    · The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher is credited on the sponsor member’s
    account 21 days after conclusion of purchase by the 5th
    sponsored party under the condition that the order is not cancelled (nor
    withdrawn);


    · The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher is attributed to Members having at least
    five (5) sponsorship vouchers from 31/05/2017.


Article 11: Protection of personal data
To learn more about the processing and protection of your personal data, please consult or Confidentiality and Data Protection Policy – Cookies here
In accordance with the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978, you have the right to access, rectify and object to data that concerns you at Showroomprive.com. You may exercise this right by sending us an e-mail to the following address:
customerservice.en@showroomprive.com;
or by sending a letter to:

                                        Showroomprive.com
                                        1 rue des blés
                                        93210 La Plaine Saint-Denis
                                    
You may also consult or modify your personal data in "My Account". The automated processing of personal information on the Showroomprive.com website has been the object of a declaration to the French National Committee for Data Protection (Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés - CNIL) under number 1722197.
Registration on the Showroomprive.com website implies acceptance of these general sales conditions. All e-mails issued by Showroomprive include a link at the bottom of the message allowing you to cancel your subscription by simply clicking on the link. You can manage your subscriptions, and change your preferences and adapt them to your needs at any time via your account, under "Manage my current subscriptions".
Personal data (address, e-mail address and telephone number) may be forwarded to third parties for the purpose of ensuring that an order is properly delivered. Showroomprive.com is liable for their processing of your details.
However, the e-mail address may be communicated to said partners only with the user's express agreement. The user, of course, retains the subsequent possibility to refuse such communication and may do so by letter or e-mail.
Our Internet website uses cookies. These are small text files that are registered on your hard disk. The data collected are intended for Showroomprive.com's use. Cookies are necessary for the processing and management of the customer's orders as well as for the commercial relations between Showroomprive.com and the customer. They also allow Showroomprive.com to personalise the services it provides to you and to improve the relevance of the information that it offers you. Most of the cookies are for the purpose of enabling or facilitating your browsing and are necessary for the functioning of our online boutique. Your express consent is require for the use of any cookies, whether ours or of a third-party, that are not necessary for the functioning of the website. You may consent to or reject the use of cookies by adjusting the settings of your equipment accordingly. Please consult your browser user guide to find out how to do so.

Article 12: Applicable law - Competent jurisdiction - Disputes

These General Sales Conditions are subject to French law.
In the event of a dispute regarding the interpretation, execution or validity of these General Sales Conditions, French courts alone are competent.
In the event of a dispute, an amicable resolution thereof shall be sought prior to any legal action.
We ask for this purpose that you please contact our Customer Service on the Showroomprive.com Website, by sending an email using the contact form or to the e-mail address: customerservice.en@showroomprive.com
Showroomprive.com adheres to the FEVAD (Fédération du E-commerce et de la Vente A Distance - French E-commerce and Distance-Selling Federation) Code of Ethics and its mediation system.
The objective of mediation is to seek and offer an amicable, personalised solution to conflicts between the Members and Showroomprive.com as an alternative to recourse to long and costly legal actions. The FEVAD mediator is neither judge nor arbitrator; he is a neutral, impartial person, independent from FEVAD and Showroomprive.com.

                                        This mediation procedure may only be initiated after the completion of two (2) mandatory first steps:
                                        
Our customer service has not responded satisfactorily to the Member's request; and
Our customer service has still not responded satisfactorily within the framework of the intermediation procedure managed by FEVAD.

For further information on the FEVAD Mediation Procedures, please consult the information page on possible remedies (in French) here.

NON-EU Terms and Conditions
The below terms and conditions are only applicable to our members residing outside the European Union (see the list of EU countries above).
Most recent update: 19/09/2016
These conditions govern solely sales by Showroomprive.com of products offered on the website www.showroomprive.com; the products sold via the Showroomprive.com website are reserved for private individuals registered on the website ("the Members").
Validation of an order of a product offered on the Showroomprive.com website implies that you explicitly accept these general sales conditions without any manuscript signature being required.
Failure by a member to respect his obligations under these General Sales Conditions may result in his membership account being suspended or cancelled, notwithstanding any damages and interest that may be sought by Showroomprive.com.

Article 1: Company

Article 2: Products

Article 3: Prices

Article 4: Availability

Article 5: Ordering

Article 6: Payment methods

Article 7: Delivery of products

Article 8: Right of withdrawal

Article 9: Warranties

Article 10: Sponsorship and vouchers

Article 11: Protection of personal data

Article 12: Applicable law - Competent jurisdiction - Disputes



Article 1: Company

The Website, www.showroomprive.com, is edited and operated by the company, Showroomprive.com, a subsidiary of the SRP GROUPE group and an SARL (private limited company) with a capital of €120,169,260, having its registered office at ZAC de la Montjoie – 1 rue des blés – 93210 La Plaine Saint-Denis, registered with the Bobigny Companies Registration Office (RCS) under number 538 811 837, VAT no. FR 72 538 811 837.
Showroomprive.com holds the travel agent's licence no. IM093110007, issued by the Préfecture de Seine Saint-Denis (1, esplanade Jean Moulin – 93000 Bobigny) on 1 February 2011, and holds a financial guarantee from the Banque Neuflize OBC - 3 avenue Hoche - 75 410 Paris Cedex 08 (public limited-liability company with board of directors and supervisory board with capital of €383,507,453, listed under SIREN number 552 003 261 with the Paris Companies Registration Office and registered with ORIAS (French insurance brokers registration body) under number 07 025 717).
Editor: Thierry Petit
Host: ASPSERVEUR (SARL with capital of €500,000.00) 785 voie Antiope - ZA Athelia III - 13600 La Ciotat 0805360888
Showroomprive.com's third party liability insurance is covered by the insurance company, GAN Eurocourtage (7 place du Dôme- TSA 59876 – 92 099 La Défense cedex – Tel: 01.70.96.60.00) under policy number no. 186212201.
Customers may contact our Customer Service on the showroomprive.com website by sending an e-mail via the contact form or to the address:
customerservice.en@showroomprive.com


Article 2: Products

The Products are all of the goods offered for sale by Showroomprive.com on its Internet website, www.showroomprive.com, with the exception of the Extras.
The Products offered by Showroomprive.com comply with current French legislation and the standards applicable in France.
Showroomprive.com will do all it can to ensure that the photographic visuals of the products faithfully represent the products offered for sale. Each product is moreover accompanied by an exact description (information sheet) of its main characteristics. In the event of any obvious error between the characteristics of the product and its representation, the Member may return it and request a refund in accordance with the provisions of Article 8 below.


Article 3: Prices

3.1 General

For all countries outside the EU, the prices mentioned on the website take into account the VAT for said countries.
All prices are in US Dollars (US $), except for the following countries:

Japan: Yen (JPY)
Iceland, Macedonia, Montenegro, San Marino, Serbia, Kosovo, Ukraine, Vatican City: Euro (EUR)
Australia, Christmas Island, the Keeling Islands, Nauru, Norfolk, Tuvalu: Australian dollar (AUD)
Canada: Canadian dollar (CAD)
Liechtenstein: Swiss franc  (CHF)
Hong Kong and Macau: Hong Kong dollar (HKD)
Norway: Norwegian krone (NOK)
Cook Islands and New Zealand: New Zealand dollar (NZD)
Singapore: Singapore dollar (SGD)

For a complete list of countries to which Showroomprive.com delivers, please refer to article 7.1 below.
Showroomprive.com reserves the right to modify its prices at any time but the Products and Extras will be billed on the basis of the rates in force at the time the orders are registered.
The Products shall remain the property of Showroomprive.com until the price has been received in full by Showroomprive.com.

Showroomprive.com does not propose tax-free sales.

3.2 Deliveries outside of the European Union

The order total mentioned on your delivery slip and invoice does not include tax. Because of this, you may be required to pay customs tax, or an additional fee upon reception of the parcel.  The aforementioned taxes are inherent to item delivery and are to be borne by the recipient. Showroomprive.com is not legally required to check and inform customers about customs tax and other applicable fees. Instead, it is your own responsibility to request the information from competent authorities.


Article 4: Availability

The Products offered by us and our prices are valid as long as they are visible on the website and subject to the availability of stocks.
For Products that are not held in our warehouses, our offers are valid subject to availability at our suppliers. In this context, we shall indicate the availability of the Products to you when you place your order. Since this information comes from our suppliers, it is possible that there may be errors or changes.
In the event of the unavailability of a Product after an order has been placed, the Member will be informed by e-mail or by telephone of the delivery of a partial order or its cancellation. The Member will then be refunded all or part of his order within at most fourteen (14) days of having been notified of the cancellation of his order. The refund will be made in the same manner as that used by the customer to pay at the time of his purchase (voucher or credit card).


Article 5: Ordering

You declare that you were aware of and have accepted these general sales conditions prior to placing your order.
In accordance with the provisions of the Civil Code on the conclusion of online contracts, the contract will be concluded when you click on the button that allows you to confirm your order, after having viewed its details and, in particular, its total price, and had the possibility to correct any errors.
After having taken note of the detail of your order, and once all the requested information has been entered, you may click on "Confirm" in order to definitively confirm the order. Validation of your order amounts to acceptance of these General Sales Conditions. Unless otherwise demonstrated, the data registered by Showroomprive.com shall constitute proof of all transactions concluded by Showroomprive.com and its customers.
The contractual information is shown in English and will be the object of written confirmation containing said contractual information, at the latest at the time of delivery.
The Products shall remain the property of Showroomprive.com until the price has been received in full by Showroomprive.com
We undertake to accept your order form under the terms of these general sales conditions. Showroomprive.com will do all it can to process all the orders, in particular subject to the availability of stocks.
Showroomprive.com reserves the right to cancel or reject any order of a customer with whom there is a dispute regarding a payment for a previous order.
Contracts concluded on our Internet website (data relating to your order and the General Sales Conditions in effect on the day of your order) are stored for a period of 10 years. You may access the stored contracts via your "My Orders" space.


Article 6: Payment

6.1 Payment methods

Online payments may only be made by credit card or via Paypal.
The credit cards accepted are: Visa / Mastercard
The customer's account will be debited at the end of a maximum term of 4 days following the date of the order and will be considered to be effective upon confirmation of the agreement by the payment centres.

Payment via Paypal
 
                                        PayPal provides payment services and specialises in the issuing of electronic money between the purchaser and a third-party entity. Paypal ensures that the purchaser's bank information is confidential.
                                    
It executes any payment order generated by the customer and credits Showroomprive accordingly within 3 working days.
By validating the payment order, the customer authorises Paypal to obtain the funds from an applicable funding source for the purpose of transferring the balance to the recipient. PayPal provides Showroomprive with the funds for the transactions as follows:


Balance
If you have a Balance on your Account, PayPal will always use your Balance to fund your payment.


Funds sources

                                                If you do not have a Balance, or your Balance is not sufficient to fund your entire transaction, PayPal will fund your transaction, or the remaining amount of your transaction, in the following order:
                                                
Balance (if any)
Instant transfer from your bank account
PayPal Visa credit card
Personal credit card
Credit card
PayPal revolving credit
Deferred transfer




Recurring payments
If you have a Balance at the time that the merchant processes your payment, PayPal will use your Balance instead of your Preferred Funding Source.


Merchant Data Processing Period 
If there is a Merchant Processing Delay and you have a Balance at the time the merchant processes your payment and completes the transaction, PayPal will use your Balance instead of your Preferred Funding Source.



PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. & Cie, S.C.A. (Luxembourg Companies Registration Office number B 118 349) with registered office in L-2449 Luxembourg, is duly authorised as a Luxembourg credit institution within the meaning of Article 2 of the Act of 5 April 1993 on the Financial Sector, as amended (the "Act") and is subject to prudential surveillance by the Luxembourg supervisory authority, the "Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier" (CSSF).

6.2 Secure payment

All your purchase transactions are strictly confidential and encoded using the SSL protocol.
Showroomprive.com does not have access to that data and does not store it on its servers. For this reason, you will be asked to re-enter your details for every new transaction on the website. When you press the "Validate" button to validate your order, our bank (Société Générale) verifies the validity of your credit card number and checks that it has not been blocked for any reason. In this way, you are doubly protected against misuse and fraud.
If you wish to delete a credit card registered by our bank, please click on the "My Account" tab and then "My personal details". The credit cards that you have registered are listed there. Just click on the little dustbin (trash) symbol to delete them.
Showroomprive.com also verifies the trustworthiness of the information entered when registering an order. This is consistent with our desire to combat e-commerce fraud and protect all our consumers.
Showroomprive.com has also installed a verification procedure for the purpose of preventing any fraudulent use of a Member's bank details. Accordingly, Showroomprive.com reserves the right to ask the customer to send (by e-par mail to the customer service address: 
servicecustomers.payment.en@showroomprive.com) a copy of both sides of his proof of identity and proof of his address, which is less than three months old. The order may only be dispatched once said documents have been received and verified. The requested documents must be sent within six working days of the request. These documents are saved in our internal computer system and are not forwarded to any third-party. You have the right to access, modify and delete your data in accordance with the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978.
Showroomprive.com reserves the right to cancel said order should the documents not be received or not be in order. The customer will be informed by e-mail.


Article 7: Delivery of the products

7.1 General

The products purchased on Showroomprive.com are delivered to the following countries unless otherwise specifically stated on the product information sheet:



AFGHANISTAN
ECUADOR
PALAU
TURKEY


ALBANIA
FIJI
PALESTINE
URUGUAY


ANGUILLA
GEORGIA
PANAMA
VANUATU


ANTIGUA & BARBUDA
GRANADA	PAPUA 
NEW GUINEA
VENEZUELA


SAUDI ARABIA
GUATEMALA
PARAGUAY
VIRGIN ISLANDS (AMERICAN)


ARGENTINA
GUERNSEY
PERU
VIRGIN ISLANDS (GB)


ARMENIA
HAITI
PHILIPPINES
VIET NAM


ARUBA
HONDURAS
PUERTO RICO
WALLIS AND FUTUNA


BAHAMAS
INDIA
QATAR
JAPAN


BAHRAIN	INDONESIA
RUSSIA
ICELAND
ICELAND


BANGLADESH
IRAQ
SABA
MACEDONIA


BARBADOS
IRAN
SAIPAN (MARIANA ISLANDS)
MONTENEGRO


BELIZE
ISRAEL
SALOMON
SAN MARINO


BERMUDA
JORDAN
SAMOA
SERBIA / KOSOVO


BHUTAN
KAZAKHSTAN
AMERICAN SAMOA
UKRAINE


BELARUS
KIRGHIZISTAN
SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE
VATICAN CITY


BOLIVIA
KIRIBATI
SEYCHELLES
AUSTRALIA


BONAIRE
KUWAIT
SRI LANKA
CHRISTMAS ISLAND


BOSNIA  AND HERZEGOVINA
LAOS
ST KITTS AND NEVIS
COCOS (KEELING ISLANDS)


BRAZIL
LEBANON
SINT EUSTATIUS
NAURU


BRUNEI
MALAYSIA
ST JOHN	NORFOLK
ISLAND


CAMBODIA
MALDIVES
ST MARTIN (DUTCH SIDE)
TUVALU


CANARY ISLANDS
MARSHALL (ISLANDS)
ST THOMAS
CANADA


CAYMAN ISLANDS
MAURITIUS
ST VINCENT AND THE GRENADINES
LIECHTENSTEIN


CEUTA
MELLILA
ST CROIX
FAROE ISLANDS


CHILE
MEXICO
ST LUCIA
GREENLAND


CHINA
MICRONESIA
SURINAME
HONG KONG


COLOMBIA
MOLDAVIA
SYRIA
MACAU


COMOROS
MONGOLIA
TAJIKISTAN
NORWAY


SOUTH KOREA
MONTSERRAT
TAIWAN
COOK ISLANDS


CUBA
BURMA
THAILAND
NEW ZEALAND


CURACAO
NEPAL
EAST TIMOR
SINGAPORE


DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
NICARAGUA
TONGA (ISLANDS)
 


DOMINICA (COMMONWEALTH)
OMAN
TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO
 


EL SALVADOR
UZBEKISTAN
TURKMENISTAN
 


UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
PAKISTAN
TURKS AND CAICOS ISLANDS
 



For logistical reasons, we are not able to deliver an order to a military address, which is indicated as an "Armed Forces" location.
The products will be delivered to the address you enter during the ordering process or to the point of withdrawal of your choice (depending on the carrier chosen).
Showroomprive.com reserves the right, however, to divide shipments up into smaller ones. The handling and shipping costs will be billed for only one shipment.
The indicated delivery date is the latest delivery date. The delivery times for the Products correspond to the handling time plus the time for delivery. Delivery times vary from sale to sale and are shown from the order validation stage. They are also given in the e-mail summarising the purchase and in the My Account/My Orders space.
Showroomprive.com may not be held liable for the consequences of any late delivery. Should a delivery be delayed, this information will be available in My Account/My Orders.

7.2 Delivery methods

Chronopost is available for home deliveries only.
Transport times vary from 1 to 11 days from the date of dispatch depending on the destination. An estimated delivery date will be provided upon completion of the order.

7.3 Delivery

Chronopost Home Delivery: Should the customer not be present to receive the parcel at the address indicated by him, a note will be left in the letter box indicating the next delivery time or that the package will be put aside (for collection). Should you not be able to be present at the indicated time, please contact Chronopost at the number shown on the note in order to arrange its delivery.
If the parcel is returned to us because it was not possible to deliver it (deadline passed, wrong address for recipient, etc.), the customer will be notified automatically by e-mail. If Showroomprive has not had any response by you within 48 hours of receipt of the e-mail, Showroomprive reserves the right to cancel the order. Shipping costs will not be refunded in such a case.

7.4 Non-compliant delivery


                                        Upon reception of your parcel, you must:
                                        
Verify at the time of the delivery that the goods delivered comply with your order
Indicate any anomalies on the delivery docket, entering and signing a handwritten reserve
Confirm said reservations in writing to the carrier within three working days

If the articles have to be returned to us, you must first seek authorisation to return them from our services (contact form) within 14 days of delivery. No claims will be entertained after that deadline.

7.5 Non-delivery or late delivery

In the event of a delay or if a product is missing, the customer may contact our Customer Service on the Showroomprive.com website by sending an e-mail using the contact form.
If your order has not been delivered within the anticipated deadline, you may contact us, via receipted registered post or any other durable medium, to effect the delivery within a reasonable additional period.
If we have not done so by said deadline, you may then cancel your order in the same manner (by receipted registered letter or any other durable medium).
We shall instruct our bank to reimburse you within fourteen (14) days of the day of your request.
If it is necessary to initiate a postal tracing (abnormal delivery period, undelivered parcel, etc.), the customer shall have 6 months from the anticipated date of delivery to inform Showroomprive.com. No claim will be entertained after that deadline.
Please note that it is not possible to use any alphabet other than the Latin alphabet when placing your order. Showroomprive.com cannot be held responsible in the event of late delivery or the absence of delivery due to the input of a faulty address related to the aforementioned reason.

7.6 Special shipping charge arrangements

Showroomprive.com reserves the right to make use of rate offers for the shipping costs associated with the orders.
Should the delivery charges be reduced, this will be reflected by Showroomprive in the charges when the order is placed.


Article 8: Right of withdrawal and returns

8.1 Scope

During the period of sales, Showroomprive.com will accept cancellations of all orders except those where Express delivery is offered. A cancellation of an "Express" sales order cannot be permitted.
For logistical reasons, we are unable to process returns from all of the countries to which we ensure delivery. Before attempting to return a product, please contact our Customer Service on Showroomprive.com via the contact section or by sending an email to customerservice.en@showroomprive.com in order to find out more.

8.2	Exceptions


                                        In accordance with Article L.121-21-8 of the French Consumer Code, the right of withdrawal may not be exercised for orders of the products or services listed below. No purchases of these types of products may, therefore, be returned once received. However, the Showroomprive.com website will accept cancellations relating to these products during the sales period (with the exception of "Express delivery" sales):
                                        
Services executed entirely before the end of the period of withdrawal and the execution of which began after the consumer had given his prior express consent and expressly waived his right of withdrawal
Products or services, the prices of which vary according to financial market rates that are outside the control of the professional and where such fluctuations are likely to occur during the period of withdrawal
Products made to the consumer's specifications or clearly personalised
Products likely to deteriorate rapidly or to be beyond the "sell-by" date, (such as, for example, solid and liquid foodstuffs);
Products, the seal of which has been broken by the consumer after delivery, may not be returned for hygiene or health protection reasons; Products which by their nature have, after being delivered, been inseparably mixed with other articles;
Alcoholic drinks, the delivery of which has been deferred beyond thirty days and the value of which, agreed at the time of the contract, is dependent on market fluctuations that are beyond the control of the professional
Audio or video recordings or computer software if the seals have been broken by the consumer, (i.e. when the blister packaging has been opened, withdrawn or torn, as for example for CDs and DVDs)
Newspapers, journals and magazines, except for subscriptions for these publications
The provision of services relating to accommodation services, other than residential accommodation, the carriage of goods, car hire, restaurants or leisure activities that must be supplied on a date or at a specific time
Digital content not supplied on a material medium, the execution of which began after the consumer had given his prior express consent and expressly waived his right of withdrawal.


8.3 Returns


                                        In the event of non-compliance or the exercise of the right of withdrawal, if your order qualifies for a return, you may return your Products after reception, subject to the following provisions:
                                        
You must return the products to us without undue delay and no later than fourteen (14) days from the date of communication of your withdrawal decision.
The products must without fail be returned properly protected (if possible in their original packaging), in a perfect state for resale (not damaged or sallied in any way by the customer) and accompanied by any accessories. N.B.: The return slip and/or label must not be stuck directly onto the immediate packaging (box/case/shoebox). Such packaging is for presentation purposes and is not the final (outer) packaging of the product.
The products must not have been used beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and proper working of the product. They must, therefore, not show any signs of any prolonged use beyond the time necessary for trying them or trying them on. They must be in a perfect state for resale and suitable for re-commercialisation.
In accordance with the legislation, some products may only be returned for reasons of hygiene or health protection and because of their nature, if they have never been removed from their packaging and/or used, in order for them to be re-sold (for example: cosmetic products, cosmeto-textiles, ear rings and piercings, sex toys, products containing an odometer or a timer linked to use).
No parcel will be accepted for which there is nothing that allows the sender (surname, first name, address and order number) to be identified.

The return costs are to be paid by you alone.
The exercise of the right of withdrawal shall result in the refund of the sums paid at the time of the order, as soon as possible and no later than fourteen (14) days from the date on which you exercised said right. However, we may postpone the reimbursement until such time as we have received the goods or until you have furnished proof of dispatch of the goods; the date that will be used being that of the first of these actions.
The refund will be made by bank transfer and/or voucher depending on the means you used to pay for online purchase.

Ensure that you do keep the shipment proof of your product return, meaning a statement written by the carrier or postal service provider indicating the sender and recipient of the product return and proving that the items have been shipped. If our warehouse have not received it, we will ask you this document.

                                    You must follow the procedure described under the heading How to return a product in order to return goods.
Please note that, if you return a Product because of non-compliance, you must fill out a non-compliance declaration. Upon reception of the Product by our teams, a penalty of six (6) euros will be deducted from the refund, if there is mistake in the stated reason.

                                        In the event of the exercise of the right of withdrawal, the parcel must be sent to us at the following address:
                                        

Showroomprive

Zone Industrielle de Saint-Witz

18 rue de la Ferme St Ladre

BAT N°2

95672 MARLY LA VILLE CEDEX




8.4 Refunds

The return of all the products or services ordered will give rise to a refund equal to the total of the sums paid by the Member at the time of his purchase, i.e. the purchase price of the products ordered and the initial delivery costs.
If you return your entire order, we shall reimburse you the initial delivery charges in accordance with the legislation.
A partial return of some of the products ordered will give rise to the reimbursement of the product(s) returned. The initial delivery costs will not be reimbursed because our shipping costs are a lump-sum amount and do not depend on the number of products ordered.

                                        We apply the following rules:
                                        
Full monetary reimbursement and/or vouchers depending on the means you used to pay for the products at the time of the online purchase.
No charges will be deducted for the refund.
The refund will be made to the customer's bank within (fourteen) 14 days of the date you exercise your right of withdrawal. You will be notified by e-mail of the day and amount of the bank transaction. Any refund will be made in accordance with the means used by the customer to pay for the products at the time of their purchase.
We may postpone the reimbursement until such time as we have received the goods or until you have furnished proof of dispatch of the goods; the date that will be used being that of the first of these actions.
No shipment against refund will be accepted.
n accordance with the banking legislation, no refund may be made to a credit card if its expiry date has passed. Showroomprive.com reserves the right, in such an event, to ask you for a document that will allow it to make the corresponding refund.



Article 9: Warranties


9.1 Legal guarantees

Showroomprive.com is required to offer its Members the legal guarantees referred to in Articles L. 211-4 to L. 211-13 of the French Consumer Code and with regard to any defects in the item sold, under the conditions set out in Articles 1641 to 1648 and 2332 of the French Civil Code.

                                        In the context of the legal guaranty regarding compliance (with the contract), we undertake:
                                        
Either to repair or replace the product subject to availability of stocks
Or to refund you the price of the product (against return of the product), or a part of the price of the product (if you keep the product).


                                        In the context of the warranty against latent defects, you may:
                                        
Either keep the product or ask us for a reduction in the price;
Or return the product to us and request that the price of the product be refunded.


Article L. 211-4 of the Consumer Code:
                                        The seller is required to deliver a product which conforms to the contract and is held liable for any lack of conformity which exists upon delivery. He is also held liable for any lack of conformity caused by the packaging or the assembly instructions, or the installation if he assumed responsibility therefor or had it carried out under his responsibility.
                                    

Article L. 211-5 of the Consumer Code:
                                        To conform to the contract, the product must:
                                        
                                        1. Be suitable for the purpose usually associated with such a product and, if applicable:
                                        
                                        - correspond to the description given by the seller and have the features that the seller presented to the buyer in the form of a sample or model.
                                        
                                        - have the features that a buyer might reasonably expect it to have considering the public statements made by the seller, the producer or his representative, including advertising and labelling.
                                        
                                        2. Or have the features defined by mutual agreement between the parties or be suitable for any special requirement of the buyer which was made known to the seller and which the latter agreed to.
                                    

Article L. 211-12 of the Consumer Code:
                                        Action resulting from lack of conformity lapses two years after delivery of the product.
                                    

Article 1641 of the Civil Code:
                                        A seller is bound to a warranty on account of the latent defects of the thing sold which render it unfit for the use for which it was intended, or which so impair that use that the buyer would not have acquired it, or would only have given a lesser price for it, had he known of them.
                                    

Article 1648 paragraph 1 of the Civil Code:
                                        The action resulting from redhibitory vices must be brought by the buyer within a period of two years following the discovery of the vice.
                                    

9.2 Commercial warranty

The commercial warranty covers any and all contractual undertakings by a professional to the consumer regarding the refund of the purchase price, replacement cost or repairs of the item, in addition to its legal obligations for the purpose of guaranteeing the conformity of the item.
Some products are the object of a commercial warranty on the part of the supplier. In such a case, this will be clearly stated on the information sheet of the product in question.
If no warranty is specified on the product information sheet, then no commercial warranty is associated with the product.
Please contact the Customer Service, if you wish to obtain more information about the commercial warranty of your product.

Article 10: Sponsorship and vouchers


    10.1 Generalities


    The vouchers available in the Member’s account can only be used on the site
    www.showroomprive.com for the payment for all or some of your order,
    excluding ticket office and delivery costs.


    Without indication to the contrary in the origin of the voucher, vouchers
    are subject to the following attribution and usage regulations:



        Vouchers are subject to a minimum order amount.
    

        A voucher can only be used once.
    

        Vouchers cannot be accumulated with each other.
    


    · They cannot be exchanged for money, and constitute a payment method in
    their own right.


    Vouchers can be used to pay for an order that is of a value inferior to
    that of the voucher, in this case, the Member cannot benefit from the
    amount of the voucher not used during this order.


    In the hypothetical situation where the Member attempts to fraudulently use
    their vouchers, the orders concerned would be automatically cancelled by
    Showroomprive.com.


    The company, Showroomprive.com, reserves the right to temporarily increase
    the value of a voucher and to return to the base value of £12 without
    giving prior warning to Members. The fact of changing the value of the
    voucher does not in any way change the conditions of attribution and usage
    cited above.


    In the hypothetical situation where the company, Showroomprive.com, notices
    serious irregularities in the use of its voucher and/or sponsorship system
    by a Member, it may take all measures necessary in order to put a stop to
    these irregularities, including suspending access to the site and banning
    the Member.


    10.2 Sponsorship


    Access to Showroomprive.com can be achieved through the sponsorship
    service, subject to the Member’s closed social circle (friends and family).


    Sponsorship allows the sponsor Member to benefit from sponsorship
    voucher(s) of the value of £12, subject to respecting the terms of use and
    attribution outlined below.


    Sponsorship vouchers are subject to the following rule of use:


    · Sponsorship vouchers are subject to a minimum order amount of £45,
    excluding delivery cost;


    · Sponsorship vouchers are valid for one (1) year on the site
    www.showroomprive.com;


    · Sponsorship vouchers can be combined with each other and with “Bonus”
    sponsorship vouchers but cannot be combined with other types of voucher.


    The rules of attribution for one (1) voucher are as follows:


    · The sponsored party must sign up to the site www.showroomprive.com using
    the code provided to them by the sponsor;


    · The sponsored party must complete a first order on the site
    www.showroomprive.com;


    · The sponsorship voucher will be credited to the sponsor’s account, 21
    days after the conclusion of the sponsored party’s first order, subject to
    non-cancellation (or withdrawal) of the latter’s order.


    Once the Member has accumulated five (5) sponsorship vouchers, his/her
    account will be credited with a new “Bonus” sponsorship voucher of a value
    of £10 valid for a minimum purchase of £45 excluding shipping fees. The
    rules for use and attribution are as follows:



The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher expires on the same date as the 5        th sponsorship voucher;
    


    · The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher can only be combined with sponsorship
    vouchers;


    · The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher is attributed every time the sponsor
    obtains five (5) sponsorship vouchers;


    · The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher is credited on the sponsor member’s
    account 21 days after conclusion of purchase by the 5th
    sponsored party under the condition that the order is not cancelled (nor
    withdrawn);


    · The “Bonus” sponsorship voucher is attributed to Members having at least
    five (5) sponsorship vouchers from 31/05/2017.


Article 11: Protection of personal data

To learn more about the processing and protection of your personal data, please consult or Confidentiality and Data Protection Policy – Cookies here
In accordance with the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978, you have the right to access, rectify and object to data that concerns you at Showroomprive.com. You may exercise this right by sending us an e-mail to the following address:
customerservice.en@showroomprive.com
or by sending a letter to:

                                        Showroomprive.com
                                        1 rue des blés
                                        93210 La Plaine Saint-Denis
                                    
You may also consult or modify your personal data in "My Account". The automated processing of personal information on the Showroomprive.com website has been the object of a declaration to the French National Committee for Data Protection (Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés - CNIL) under number 1722197.
Registration on the Showroomprive.com website implies acceptance of these general sales conditions. All e-mails issued by Showroomprive include a link at the bottom of the message allowing you to cancel your subscription by simply clicking on the link. You can manage your subscriptions, and change your preferences and adapt them to your needs at any time via your account, under "Manage my current subscriptions".
Personal data (address, e-mail address and telephone number) may be forwarded to third parties for the purpose of ensuring that an order is properly delivered. Showroomprive.com is liable for their processing of your details.
However, the e-mail address may be communicated to said partners only with the user's express agreement. The user, of course, retains the subsequent possibility to refuse such communication and may do so by letter or e-mail.
Our Internet website uses cookies. These are small text files that are registered on your hard disk. The data collected are intended for Showroomprive.com's use. Cookies are necessary for the processing and management of the customer's orders as well as for the commercial relations between Showroomprive.com and the customer. They also allow Showroomprive.com to personalise the services it provides to you and to improve the relevance of the information that it offers you. Most of the cookies are for the purpose of enabling or facilitating your browsing and are necessary for the functioning of our online boutique. Your express consent is require for the use of any cookies, whether ours or of a third-party, that are not necessary for the functioning of the website. You may consent to or reject the use of cookies by adjusting the settings of your equipment accordingly. Please consult your browser user guide to find out how to do so.


Article 12: Applicable law - Competent jurisdiction - Disputes

These General Sales Conditions are subject to French law.
In the event of a dispute regarding the interpretation, execution or validity of these General Sales Conditions, French courts alone are competent.
In the event of a dispute, an amicable resolution thereof shall be sought prior to any legal action.
We ask for this purpose that you please contact our Customer Service on the Showroomprive.com Website, by sending an email using the contact form or to the e-mail address: customerservice.en@showroomprive.com.
Showroomprive.com adheres to the FEVAD (Fédération du E-commerce et de la Vente A Distance - French E-commerce and Distance-Selling Federation) Code of Ethics and its mediation system.
The objective of mediation is to seek and offer an amicable, personalised solution to conflicts between the Members and Showroomprive.com as an alternative to recourse to long and costly legal actions. The FEVAD mediator is neither judge nor arbitrator; he is a neutral, impartial person, independent from FEVAD and Showroomprive.com.

                                        This mediation procedure may only be initiated after the completion of two (2) mandatory first steps:
                                        
Our customer service has not responded satisfactorily to the Member's request
Our customer service has still not responded satisfactorily within the framework of the intermediation procedure managed by FEVAD.

For further information on the FEVAD Mediation Procedures, please consult the information page on possible remedies (in French) here.
