
1. Innovative Digital Technologies LLC Privacy Policy

            This Privacy Policy describes how and when Innovative Digital Technologies LLC (hereinafter the "IDT") collects, processes, uses and shares your information when you use IDT, including our mobile applications and websites (the "Services"). IDT receives your information through our mobile applications, websites, email notifications, and other interactions with our Services. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize IDT to use your information in the United States and any other country where IDT operates.

2. Contact Us

            If you have general questions while using any of our Services, please visit our official site or forum: http://acestream.org or http://forum.acestream.org. For questions specifically about this Privacy Statement, or our use of your personal information or similar technologies, please contact our support by email at support@acestream.net.

3. Personal Data Collection and Use


                We use Personal Information to facilitate and improve our Services and communicate with you following existing regulations, while data integrity, accuracy, relevancy and legally justified processing are ensured. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features listed below:
            



3.1 General Information:


                    The general data we collect can include SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent device identifier, Android ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device identification code (IMEI) the equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (WiFi and so on).
                


3.2 Creating an IDT Account and Profile Information:


                    When you create a IDT account, you must provide access credentials either in the form of an email address and password or by authentication using another service, such as Google. You may optionally provide us with additional profile information, including a short bio, location, and profile picture. If you create your IDT account by connecting through another service, we may use public information from that connected account to help complete your IDT profile. You may update or modify your profile information and contact information at any time. Profile information is available publicly on our Services, such as on your profile page.
                


3.3 Contact Information:


                    In addition to using your contact information to create your account, we may use this information to send you information about our Services, respond to your requests and facilitate your use of the Services. We may use the contact information (such as your phone number or email address) to help connect you with other IDT users, even if that information is not publicly displayed. Some contact information may be required in order to use certain Services.
                    





                3.4 Connecting to Other Services:
            



                    When you connect your IDT account to other services, you are able to post your Content to those services as well. You may disconnect your IDT account from your account on the other services at any time. Disconnecting your IDT account will immediately revoke our authorization to cross-post on your behalf or otherwise access that account and we will delete information obtained from that connection (other than information that was publicly posted on IDT, such as profile information), which may take some time.
                




3.5 Content, Following, and other Public Information:


                    IDT is a video sharing platform, so most of the information you provide us is information that you choose to be made public. This includes not only the Content that you post and data provided with such Content, such as when it was posted, but also the accounts you follow, the Content that you like or comment on, and other public interactions on the Services. Your public information is broadly and instantly disseminated. For instance, your profile information and public Content are immediately delivered to a wide range of users and other services that access IDT. When you share information or Content via the Services, you should think carefully about what you are making public.
                




3.6 Location Information:


                    In addition to profile information, you may also tell us your exact location if you choose to enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information. We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services, such as tagging a video with a location, and to improve and customize the Services, for example, with Content that has been tagged near your location.
                




3.7 Links:


                    We may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services, including our email notifications, third-party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means. We do this to help improve our Services, for example to provide relevant advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on.
                


3.8 Cookies:


                    Like many websites, we use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as viewing public videos. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. IDT may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. If you do not want cookies from IDT or other websites, you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
                


3.9 Log Data:


                    Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") created by your use of the Services. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services or interact with our email notifications. IDT uses Log Data to provide our Services and to measure, customize, and improve them. If not already done earlier, we will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, or email address, after 12 months.
                




3.10 Other non-personal identification information：


                    We do not collect the "Personal Information" which can identify you or another person. We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-personal identification information may include the type of your phone, apps and other technical information about Users means of connection to our apps, such as the versions of phone model and other similar information.
                




3.11 Third-Party Services:


                    IDT uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, including to host our various blogs and wikis and to help us understand the use of our Services. These third-party service providers may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and services, including your IP address, device ID, pages viewed, and links clicked. Our service providers include Google Analytics and its demographics and interests reporting feature, which you can opt out of here and here. IDT also uses YouTube API Services in some of it's products, that means if you are using a IDT's service which makes use of Youtube APIs, then you are agreeing to the YouTube Terms of Service  Google Privacy Policy as well.
                




3.12 Interest-Based Ads:


                    In order to provide with a personalized advertisement experience to you, third parties, including Google, may collect or receive information from our app and other apps and use that information to improve services and targeted ads.
                





On your Android, you can change your device settings to control whether you see online interest-based ads from Google and other companies.





On your Android (versions 2.2 and up) and Google Play Services (versions 4.0 and up):





Go to Google Settings
Tap Ads
Tap Opt out of interest-based ads and tap OK






                    Based on your choice on Admob ad personalization consent page, Admob & its partners will deliver personalized ads or non-personalized ads to you while using our Services. But, if you ever change your mind in the future, you can easily change your choice about interest-based ads anytime by:
                





Tap Help menu in our app
Tap Ad Preferences and make your choice
Revisit our Services




            4. Information Sharing and Disclosure
        




                    To improve our products and provide you with better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.
                




4.1 Your Consent:


                    We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you choose to publicly post a video or update your profile information.
                




4.2 Service Providers:


                    We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions.
                




4.3 Law and Harm:


                    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect IDT’s rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's, including a government's, request to disclose your information.
                




4.4 Business Transfers:



                        In the event that IDT is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. By providing your information to us, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
                    





4.5 International Transfers:



                        Our business may require us to transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including to countries such as the People’s Republic of China or Singapore. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures such as standard contractual clauses. A copy of those clauses can be obtained by contacting via support@acestream.net






4.6 Non-Private or Non-Personal Information:



                        We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as your public user profile information, public posts, the people you follow or that follow you, or the number of users who clicked on a particular link (even if only one did).
                    





5. Our Policy Towards Children



                    Our Services are not directed to persons under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please email to support@acestream.net. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account.
                



6. Legal Basis for Data Processing


                We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes).
            


                In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data for processing as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our Sites.
            


7. Your Rights of your Personal Data



                    Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data.
                



                Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
            


                If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access or modify the profile information you provided to us and associated with your account.
            


                You can also permanently delete your IDT account and your personal data collected by us by email to support@acestream.net.
            


                If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. We will respond to your request as soon as possible under relevant regulation. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes applicable law.
            


                We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.
            


8. Changes to this Policy



                    We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at http://acestream.org/about/privacy-policy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an email to the email address associated with your account or through the Services. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
                


