Motorola Mobility Product Privacy StatementThis privacy statement was last updated on 16/1/2018.About this statementWhat this statement applies to. Your privacy is important to Motorola Mobility and Lenovo. This privacy statement applies to software and services provided by Motorola Mobility LLC (‘Motorola’), a Lenovo Group Ltd company, and its affiliates (collectively ‘Lenovo’) and available for use on Lenovo products, including but not limited to, personal computers (PCs), tablets, smartphones (including Motorola-branded devices), workstations and storage devices (collectively ‘Lenovo Products’). This statement also applies to Lenovo and Motorola software, applications and experiences you may use on a third-party product or device. This privacy statement describes the information practices for Lenovo Products, including what types of information are collected, how Lenovo uses and protects this information and with whom the information is shared.What this statement does not apply to. Motorola also collects personal information via Motorola’s websites, in addition to other sources. To learn more about our website privacy practices, please visit the Motorola website privacy statement here. Further, this statement does not apply to third-party software and other services you install on or access through your Lenovo Product(s).Changes to this statement. If we make a change to this statement, we will make previous versions available so that you can see when changes occurred and what they are. If we make any material changes to this statement, we will notify you by means of a notice on Motorola’s website or by an email (sent to the email address specified in your account) prior to the change becoming effective. Where we are required by applicable data protection laws, we will also seek your consent to any material changes that affect how we use your personal information. We encourage you to review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices. If one or more Lenovo Products changes the way information is collected, stored, transferred or otherwise used, we will ask for your permission before activating the changes in your Lenovo Product(s).Please note that secondary users and guest users of Lenovo Products that support such multi-user capabilities may not have the same ability to control settings, permissions and choices related to information collection, use and sharing that the primary user may have.What information does Lenovo collect and how do we use it?Lenovo collects information about you and your Lenovo Product(s) and uses this information to keep your Lenovo Product(s) working their best and help you make the most of them. Please note that, in certain circumstances, if you do not provide us with personal information where required, we may not be able to provide you with the Lenovo Products you have requested.Creating a user profile. Your User Profile can consist of information we may have gathered from your contact with Lenovo, such as your visits to our websites, contact with our customer service representatives, Lenovo Product(s) registration information and from certain Lenovo Products that you use. This lets us give certain Lenovo Products, as well as third-party services enabled on Lenovo Products, the information they need to function; troubleshoot problems you may have; suggest ways to make your Lenovo Products work better; provide you with news, updates and information about your Lenovo Products; and, if you choose to receive marketing communications, provide you with news and information about additional Lenovo Products that you may be interested in.Lenovo ID and Lenovo product registration. When you choose to create a Lenovo ID or register your Lenovo Product, we will collect information, including personal information, about you and your Lenovo Product(s). In addition to your Lenovo ID, we may ask you to provide additional information, such as your name, email address, language and region/country, product type/model, IP address, product serial number, date of product registration and any activation data about your operating system.We use your Lenovo ID to identify you when you use our online services, such as our online store and customer support site. Your Lenovo ID and your personal information associated with it will not be connected to any product usage information we have collected. If you wish to change or deactivate your Lenovo ID, you may do so at any time by contacting privacy@lenovo.com.Keeping your software up to date. If you choose to allow collection of data from Lenovo Products, we may collect and use information about your Lenovo Product(s) to identify whether the software you are using is the most up to date version. We use this information to develop new products and software features and for solutions to fix bugs so that your Lenovo Product(s) run smoother and more efficiently.Providing customer support. You may choose to provide us with information about how you use your Lenovo Product(s) to provide effective or enhanced customer support. The types of information we may collect about your Lenovo Product(s) include product serial number or other identification number; product type/model; IP address; and usage information about how you use your Lenovo Product(s) and its components, such as instrumentation and system functionality. If you choose to allow collection of personal information, Lenovo may also collect personal information including your name, user ID and email address.We use this information to troubleshoot issues you may have with your Lenovo Product(s), provide software bug fixes and other support services, and improve our service functions. If you decide you do not want to share this information with Lenovo, you may turn off the option for product usage data collection in the Privacy Settings of your Lenovo Product(s) and in a particular application.Improving our products and software. You may choose to provide us with information about how you use your Lenovo product(s) and software to improve Lenovo Products. The types of information we may collect include your product serial number or other identification number; product model/type; behavioural information about how you use your Lenovo Product(s) and software; and the Lenovo Product’s performance.We use this information to identify performance trends of Lenovo Products and software; to develop new product features for future models; to deliver a better user experience overall; and to send you product and service-related communications that you choose to receive. If you decide you do not want to share this information with Lenovo and Motorola, you may turn off the option for product data collection in the Privacy Settings of your Lenovo Product and in a particular application, or uninstall the particular application.Software usage information. While you use your Lenovo Product(s), you may choose to provide us with information about your use of your Lenovo Product’s applications. The information we may collect includes how often you use an application, which features you used within an application and the application’s performance. The usage information we collect for this purpose does not directly identify you or your Lenovo Product(s), unless you have chosen to enable enhanced device support or the ‘Help Improve’ functionality on your Lenovo Products.We use this software usage information to analyse the performance of your applications; to develop enhanced improvements for future versions; and to send you product and service-related communications that you choose to receive. If at any time you wish to deactivate this information collection, you may do so in the Privacy settings within the specific application. For more information on how to deactivate the collection of software usage information in certain applications, you can (i) open the Lenovo or Motorola Settings application and turn off Usage Statistics collection, (ii) uninstall a particular application in the Control Panel or through the Settings menu or (iii) visit the applicable Lenovo or Motorola Support page on limiting usage information collection.Product, software and service functionality. Certain Lenovo Products, software applications and services need to store performance information to operate. We will access this information only after you have chosen to enable or use these functions. This information includes product identifiers, such as a serial number, application usage information and technical data. In the Lenovo and Motorola smartphone and mobile devices context, this information may also include the location of your Lenovo Products and user-generated content, such as audio for voice-activated applications. These applications will store this information locally on your Lenovo Product but, in specific circumstances, they may need to provide the information to Lenovo or an application partner to complete certain functions that you have chosen to enable, such as applications with voice-activated features or location-based services on your Lenovo Product(s).If at any time you wish to limit or deactivate the collection of this information by Lenovo, you may (i) turn off data collection within the Privacy settings of your Lenovo Product or a particular application, (ii) refer to the ‘Settings’ menu in your Lenovo Product or a particular application for specific instructions on how to disable or uninstall the application at issue, or (iii) visit the applicable Lenovo Support site for more information on how to uninstall Lenovo or Motorola applications. Otherwise, please refer to product or application ‘Settings’ for specific instructions on how to disable or uninstall the application at issue.Applications that handle information – additional details. The following describes how certain Lenovo and Motorola applications handle your information. Please note that these descriptions may not include all Lenovo or Motorola applications available for or on your Lenovo Product. Also, not all Lenovo Products support all Lenovo or Motorola applications, and different Lenovo or Motorola applications may be available to you and may vary, depending on which Lenovo Product(s) you own.Lenovo applicationsLenovo Connect 2+. With Lenovo Connect 2+, you can automatically copy or move photos, music, videos and other files between devices, such as your phone and PC. You can also set your PC to display notifications received by your phone, and continue tasks on a separate device to the one you started on. Also, Lenovo Connect 2+ can automatically connect your devices with no Wi-Fi LAN or mobile data network required. Lenovo Connect 2+ will collect location and device identifiers to ease the connection between your devices, as well as application usage data, such as which features of Lenovo Connect 2+ you use and how often you connect devices.Lenovo Settings. Lenovo Settings is your hub for a smarter PC, with centralised access to all major hardware features and controls. In Lenovo Settings, you can access a single interface to configure device functionality according to certain modes, atmosphere and usage, all based on your personal preferences. If you set your PC to automatically update according to location or network accessibility, Lenovo Settings will collect corresponding data, such as Wi-Fi and VPN information, to seamlessly update your system. All system information is collected and retained on your PC; however, you can choose to share anonymous information about how you use Lenovo Settings.Lenovo Companion. Lenovo Companion enables you to access and understand your computer’s best capabilities and features. You can use Lenovo Companion to optimise your PC’s performance, monitor its health and manage ongoing updates. Lenovo Companion will collect your PC’s device identifiers and event and usage data, such as system functionality, application use and support information. This information will be stored on your PC, and information about your use of Lenovo Companion may be shared with Lenovo only if you opt-in to such data collection.Lenovo Nerve Center. Lenovo Nerve Center is designed to enhance your gaming experience on Lenovo Gaming PCs. Lenovo Nerve Center offers a hardware- and software-adaptive experience, and allows you to personalise many aspects of gaming on your PC. Lenovo Nerve Center can collect your preferences for hardware functions, such as keyboard, touch pad and speaker, while also assisting your video and audio recording while playing. Any system information and recordings collected with Lenovo Nerve Center is retained on your Lenovo PC, and no sensitive information is shared with Lenovo.Motorola applicationsCamera. Motorola’s Camera application allows you to:Tag your photos and videos with location data. When you share tagged photos with others, you will also share the location information. If you choose to geo-tag your photos and videos, Motorola’s Gallery app will use the information to help organise your views.Launch the application without touching the screen by using contextual data derived from sensors to detect a launch gesture.Take better pictures by using face detection and other analytics on what’s in your viewfinder to deliver the best image, which may occur before or after you triggered the shutter. You can compare the best image with the original picture you captured in Gallery and select which images to keep. Face detection information stays on your phone and doesn’t get uploaded to Motorola or shared with third parties. To help us troubleshoot performance issues, Camera will store image quality information in your photos’ metadata. Sharing the photos will also share image quality information.Digital TV. Where supported, Motorola Digital TV brings the broadcast TV experience to your mobile device, with the additional support of the Electronic Program Guide (EPG) and Ginga for user interactivity. Users may also record the TV programs they like and choose when to watch their favourite programs. Digital TV will collect certain anonymous event-based data, such as which channels are launched via Digital TV.Gallery. Motorola’s Gallery application has a Highlight Reel feature that helps you make short video clips from your best photos and video scenes, and a People view feature that lets you tag a person. For these features, Gallery will analyse and compare faces that appear in your photos and videos (in addition to other quality measurements) to select the best scenes or to group photos or videos. Gallery keeps all data collected from your photos and videos relating to facial analysis on device and uses it solely to create Highlight Reel content or to group photos or videos.Moto. Moto makes your device more responsive by giving you more ways to control and interact with it. Moto makes it easier for you to get important notifications, control your device with your voice and gestures, and automate useful settings changes depending on where you are or what you may be doing at the time.Moto Actions makes it easier to interact with your Motorola products by letting you use simple gestures to perform tasks quickly. Moto Actions will:Twist your wrist quickly to open Camera any time.Swipe down to the left or right to make the screen smaller for one-handed use.Turn your flashlight on or off if you make two "chopping" motions.Moto Display will show important notifications on the screen of supported products so you can get quick access to them without having to power on the screen or unlock your Home screen. Moto Display accesses certain content, such as your contacts, calendar entries and other apps and the notifications they send you.Moto Key allows you to log into certain apps and websites, and to unlock certain other devices, with the touch of your fingerprint. Through Moto Key, you may establish alphanumeric recovery passwords used to restore all of your saved logins, which are stored in an encrypted backup file, in case your device is ever lost or damaged.If you choose to enable it, Moto Key will need access to your device’s fingerprint sensor to verify your identity and to your accessibility settings so that you may enter and save your passwords. However, Motorola does not collect and store your actual fingerprints.Moto Voice and Moto Alexa let you control your Motorola products hands-free by speaking commands. It will:Help you respond to calls and texts with your voice when you're driving or at any location you choose.Learn to recognise your voice and your launch phrase. This creates a mathematical representation of your voice sample that we use to trigger Moto Voice. For 2017 products and later, Moto Voice will keep the recording of your enrolment audios on your device to support complete Moto Voice functionality. For versions of Moto Voice that allow a custom launch phrase, Moto Voice will also keep a recording of it on your device for authentication purposes. You can also play it back to remind yourself at any time.For 2016 and earlier products, we make a short recording after Moto Voice detects your launch phrase. We use this recording to either process your command or pass it onto Google Voice Search (locales other than China) or LingXi voice search (in China) and don’t upload it to Motorola servers unless you specifically agree to share your voice commands with us for performance analysis purposes.See what apps you have installed on your phone so Moto Voice can help you control third-party apps with just your voice.Please note that Amazon Alexa, which is enabled by the Moto Alexa functionality, is separately governed by Amazon’s privacy statements and Amazon’s Terms of Use for Alexa. Please review those applicable Amazon policies to learn how Amazon Alexa handles your information.To complete these tasks, Moto:Collects information about your Motorola products' current location and uploads it to Motorola to help identify places of interest and to determine when you may be in a vehicle.Uses contextual data obtained from your device’s microphone and sensors, such as the accelerometer and gyroscope, to determine when to activate certain modes but does not upload it to Motorola.Accesses user-generated content, such as your calendar entries, contacts and call history, but does not upload it to Motorola.Where supported, Moto will use Google Activity Recognition to help understand contextual data and determine which modes to activate. Moto provides contextual data to Google Activity Recognition subject to Google’s privacy policy.Moto Voice 2018 provides cloud-based services to users of Moto Voice. If you choose to enable and use Moto Voice, Motorola partners supporting that functionality may receive and store user commands, including text and audio files, of the voice queries conducted via Moto Voice. This is so that those partners can provide necessary functionality and response for Moto Voice. For more information, please refer to our partners' EULAs and privacy policies at Moto Voice setup and Moto Voice Settings screens.Chrome extension. Chrome extension lets you easily connect and manage your Motorola products, such as wireless earbuds, Bluetooth devices, wearable devices and applications that run on your computer. Chrome extension:Checks your location so it knows which supported devices are nearby.Automatically connects nearby supported devices directly (such as over Bluetooth) when they come into range, or over the Internet.Syncs information between supported devices so you can switch between them seamlessly.On non-Motorola mobile devices, we also collect information about how often you use Chrome extension features and how well Chrome extension is working.Additionally, some devices that Chrome extension manages rely on additional information to workMotorola notifications. You may choose to subscribe to ‘push’ notifications from Motorola to your device via the Motorola Notifications application. If you opt-in, it sends periodic product-related information, including notifications on software updates, tips & tricks and information about new Motorola products and services. You will also receive invitations to participate in surveys about your experience with Motorola. You may opt out of receiving notifications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe button in this app or using the unsubscribe option that is presented when you click on the notifications you receive.Moto 360 and Moto Body. The Moto 360 smartwatch and the related Moto Body application use sensors built into the wearable device to collect wellness-related data, such as your heart rate, step count and calories, so you can track your progress towards daily and weekly activity goals. You can also create a wellness profile by providing demographic information, such as your height, weight, gender and age. This will help your Moto 360 and Moto Body provide more accurate wellness information. If you use the Moto Body Running, Moto Body will also track and display your location on your device.Moto 360 and Moto Body can upload your wellness profile, data and location to our cloud and add it to your user profile. We use this information to provide you with access to more accurate wellness information, such as activity statistics over time. We also use it to create new, personalised features for your Moto 360, Moto Body and other Motorola products.To delete a run, touch  > Running. Touch the run you want to delete, then touch  Delete run. To remove all your Moto Body activity data, contact privacy@motorola.com.Moto 360 and Moto Body may also collect information about how often you use Moto 360 and Moto Body and how they're working.Communications from Lenovo and Motorola. If you choose to receive communications from Lenovo or Motorola, such as via email or in-product push notifications, we will collect personal and non-personal information about you to help us manage these communications. We will collect your name, email address and possibly additional personal information you choose to provide, and will use this information to send you product support announcements and promotional messages. If you no longer wish to receive communications from Lenovo or Motorola, you may unsubscribe by using the unsubscribe link in our promotional messages. Data charges may apply when you receive such communications on mobile devices.Single sign-on from your social media account. You can access your Lenovo account(s) by signing on through various social media sites, such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, etc. If you choose to sign on using this service, Lenovo will collect certain information from your social media account, including your public profile, email address, birthday, contact lists, interests, likes and current city. Lenovo will link this information to your Lenovo profile and may use this information for analysis and internal marketing purposes if you have chosen to receive such messages. The information provided may be dependent on the privacy setting you have with your social media account.How does Lenovo share information it collects?Information collected by Lenovo is shared internally within the Lenovo group of companies, including Motorola, externally with contracted service providers working on Lenovo’s behalf and as otherwise stated in this statement. Also, we may work with contracted service providers in certain circumstances to help us collect, analyse and process this information. In sharing information with the suppliers, service providers and other parties described below, we require these parties to handle such information in a manner consistent with this privacy statement and our security practices.Marketing. The information you provide may be used by Lenovo and selected suppliers or partners for marketing purposes, such as when you subscribe to receive marketing communications or newsletters. Before this information is collected, we will offer you the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information used in this way. You may choose to stop receiving our marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these communications or by accessing the marketing or contact preferences in your account settings page. Alternatively, you can contact us at privacy@motorola.com.Service quality monitoring. Certain product and software support activities may also involve you calling Lenovo or Lenovo calling you. Please note that, in some cases, we may record such calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes. If you do not want the call to be recorded, please notify the call taker.To deliver a Lenovo or third-party product, software or service experience. As described above in ‘Product, software and service functionality’, your Lenovo Product or Service may need to transmit certain information to a third party to complete functions that you have chosen to enable, such as applications with voice-activated features or location-based services on your Lenovo Product(s).Disclosures required by law. In certain circumstances, personal information may be subject to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants or orders. Therefore, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, we may disclose personal or other information to regulatory or government bodies, courts of law, tribunals and law enforcement agencies to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request.Wireless providers. Lenovo and Motorola may share the information they collect with the wireless providers that support our mobile devices. The parties that may receive your information include your wireless provider, its affiliates and their service providers. Any information we share with wireless providers will be in accordance with this privacy notice and will also be subject to your customer agreement with your provider and the privacy policies of your provider.Mergers and acquisitions. Circumstances may arise when, for strategic or other business reasons, Lenovo decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganise businesses in some countries. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of such information from sellers.Other sources. In addition to the above, there may circumstances that require us to disclose your personal information to parties in addition to those listed above, including, but not limited to, legal advisers or debt collection agencies.Does Lenovo transfer my personal information internationally?Lenovo is a global organisation, with legal entities, business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders. Therefore, where permitted by law, we may share your personal information within Lenovo (including to subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies) or our suppliers and business partners and may transfer it to countries in the world where we do business (including, but not limited to, the United States of America and China). Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally.Please note that some countries have privacy laws that are not equivalent to the privacy laws in your own country. In such countries, Lenovo will still handle information in the manner we describe here and will take such measures as are necessary to comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring and processing your information. Where required, Lenovo will also maintain agreements between Lenovo group companies or with Lenovo partners or suppliers to govern the transferring, processing and protection of personal information.In addition to the privacy practices set out in this statement, Motorola has established a set of ‘Binding Corporate Rules’ for internal transfers between Motorola group companies in the European Union and Motorola group companies elsewhere. These have been approved by certain European Union Data Protection Authorities, and are a commitment by Motorola to adequately protect personal information that Motorola processes regardless of where the information resides. A full copy of the rules can be found here. For further information, please contact privacy@motorola.com.How long will my information be retained?We will retain your information only for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with service and technical support. We will also retain your personal information as necessary to comply with applicable legal obligations, to resolve disputes and to enforce agreements. If you request deletion of your information, we will respond and delete your information in accordance with our policies and applicable laws.How is my information protected?We use standard technical and organisational measures when we transmit information from Lenovo Products to our servers, when we store data and when we share data with third parties. For example, we use encryption when transmitting sensitive information to keep your information secure. When sharing your information with third parties, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that such parties protect and use your information responsibly.Lenovo Products may also include security features designed to help you protect the information you store on your Lenovo product(s). These may include solutions, such as encryption; passwords, PIN and fingerprint unlock; and remote control over your Lenovo Product(s) so you can locate, lock and erase lost or stolen products. You can learn more about available features by accessing the Security Settings on your Lenovo Product(s).However, please remember that no product, software or data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your product(s) and your information, Lenovo cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of your Lenovo Product(s) or any information you provide to us. You use Lenovo Products at your own risk. For more information on Lenovo product security and how to contact Lenovo’s product security team with questions or security vulnerabilities, please visit the Product Security site here.What about my child's privacy?Lenovo Products are intended for adults and children aged 16 and over, or of the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, who have permission from their parents or legal guardians to use them. Lenovo does not seek to collect information about children under the age of 16. No information should be provided on Lenovo Products by users under the age of 16.If Lenovo learns that a child under the age of 16, or of the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, has submitted personal information via Lenovo Products, we will take appropriate steps to delete the information as soon as possible and will not use it for any purpose. Lenovo encourages parents to take an active role in their children's use of Lenovo Products and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing information about themselves.What are my data protection rights?Applicable data protection laws may give you the right to control our use and processing of your personal information. These may include the right (i) to request access to and a copy of your personal information; (ii) to request rectification or erasure of your personal information; (iii) to object to processing of your personal information; (iv) to restrict processing of your personal information; and (v) to data portability. Where we are using your personal information with your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, although this will not affect our uses of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent.To exercise any of your rights, please contact us at privacy@motorola.com. We will consider and act upon any such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws, and we may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.You also have the right to raise questions or complaints with your applicable national data protection authority at any time.How do I contact Motorola’s Privacy Programme?If you have any questions about this privacy statement, you can contact Lenovo via privacy@motorola.com or via U.S. postal mail at Motorola Mobility, Attn: Privacy Program, 222 West Merchandise Mart Plaza, Suite 1800, Chicago, Illinois, United States, 60654 .